[Lil' Wayne]
Wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, wha wha, what

Straight off the black gold, nuts in my hand, trustin no man
Got my glock cocked, runnin this thing, ya understand
We be steamin.. blazin.. nines, pumps, and K's, and
Holly Grove 17th, (what) tha hood where I (what) was raised in (what)
Niggaz bustin heads and, runnin duckin Feds and
rocks under they tongues and, ki's under they beds and
Hood fulla real niggaz, twenty-four seven hustlers
EHHH, until we shove a barrel down ya pipe suckers
Ain't no love for no busta, no fear for no coward
No respect from no stunt, and no money without power
We keepin niggaz hotter, EWWWW nasty and sour
Pile up in the Eddie Bauer and BLAKA at every hour
Some niggaz like that powder, foldin up what they drain
Some like that weed or that dope and some shoot it up in they veins (oh)
From the home of that 'caine, jackin and crackin brains
Broadcastin live from Tha Block it's Lil' Wayne (who it is?)

Chorus: B.G. and Juvenile, Lil' Wayne

Juve:	Nigga you got that llello?
B.G.:	Well cook something nigga
Juve:	Nigga you let them K's go?
B.G.:	Well bust somethin nigga
Juve:	Are you duckin that law?
B.G.:	You better run from em nigga
Juve:	Are you playin with that raw?
B.G.:	Well won't you front somethin nigga
[Wayne]	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha
	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha
	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha, ha-ha
	Tha Block is Hot, Tha Block is Hot ha..

[Lil' Wayne]
See where I'm from we keep our guns out
Dodgin cops and burnin blocks, so we be thugged out
It's time to floss, bring the big bodies on dubs out
And they got quarters, halfs, and birds in that one house (I got it)
(I got it) It's all good in the hood but a lot illegal
Soon as you get it, hot SKIRT, there go them people
Break up the block and hit the cut by the corner sto'
End up in Miss Taylor backyard, be quiet, she on the porch
This everyday, at the spot where niggaz murder off top, boy
It's the spot where they got Fire Girls and Hot, Boys
We don't know what be goin cause we so blunted from trees
and we'll be round ya all day til we "400 Degreez"
And you see where niggaz go, nobody be on the pulpit
They got a nigga got on a scarf, he flippin out off that raw
Betta stay in yo' car, and make sure (BEEP BEEP) your door is locked
Cause this ain't nuttin proper, cause Tha Block, is jusssst Hot

Chorus

[Lil' Wayne]
See watch your step on my set, gotta walk like, talk like
We done shot out all the street lights
So you can't see who we be like
And we like, to dress in all black up in my residence
Ain't got on no suits, cause we ain't tryin to be presidents
And ever since the coke drought, niggaz been on a trip y'all
So you better watch what y'all playin wit
Cause a nigga will try to flip y'all
They hit y'all, jam you up and put a gun to your jug
Hahhhh, catch your breath, now shhhhh, catch a slug
It's street smarts, plenty niggaz that keep spots
When the heat starts, ain't nobody got sweethearts
Callin weak shots, you could come try to cheap talk
We cut your week short, them lil' boys don't give a damn
Go all out for that cake, won't hesitate to kill a man
Run in his house and kidnap the nigga, him and his fam
Tie em up put em in the vans, then put a gat in his jaws
... tch, one move blow his cactuses off

Chorus

[Lil' Wayne]
WHOOT!  Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot
Shk-a-BLAOW!  Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga chshhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga WHOOT!  Some people call me cause Tha Block is Hot
Shk-a-BLAOW!  Bust ya guns cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga chshhhhh, cook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Say look Daddy, just hook it up, cause Tha Block is Hot
Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn
My block on fire, nigga what about yours?
Nigga my block hot, nigga my block burn
My block on fire, nigga what about yours?
The block is hot ha ha ha haVerse 1: (Mannie) 
Wha wha wha nigga nigga

I put piss stains on private planes cuz its my jet nigga
Money aint shit cuz my rottweilers drink moet
Diamond baugette bracelets for my lovers
Playa, i use cristal to lubricate rubbers
Who got shit on his wrist that cost 3 nickel
Who got the project on lock when that nigga slangin pickle
Who got benz, a prowler, playboy, and a Vette
Tell the truth--who fucked ya on the same night when we met?
Now, who got baby mamas from the noila to new york
Who got every bitch attention in this motherfucker when he talk
Now who the fuck we talkin bout, look--yall dont know?
I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with?
He fucked that hoe
Now look here, yall aint seen my watch, its like harlem world video
White diamonds, red rubies, blue baugettes, I dont know
Shorty, when tha next time imma be up in your bed
I love you? you love me? 
Well go head on and gimme some head

Chorus: 2x  (Juvenile)  

Loud pipes big rims
Wodie thats our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry thats our night
I know a lot of haters out there sayin
That thats not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So thats our life

Verse 2: (Baby)
I told four I need somethin
With some hell of a ice
Nigga came back with a hell of a price
That aint nothin
These hoes doin hella wrong
Callin these niggaz on our cell phone
Bitch ridin benz on 20 inch chrome
Gimme the key, the car hoe, and the alarm
For my prowler, my jag, my benz and my home
Bitch you'll neva ride 20 inch chrome
I love to shine, thats why the choppa is mine
Hit my block in my benz hoe with stretch tires
Bought a new car that I couldnt drive
Ordered the tunes before a nigga could drive
When I put the bose system right behind my eyes
With the vc's and tv's so a nigga could shine
With my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5
And tell all my hoes they dont need no job

Chorus 2x

Verse 3: (B.G)
I ride the best from a benz to a jag to a beamer to a lex
Might fly first class on delta, helicopter or a jet
I'm a stunter, I'm a reppa
Geezy like to shine
Drink Don, Moet, and Cris
See thats the finest wine
20 inches is the only thing i sit my shit on
Dont bring ya bitch around me 
Cuz my dick she'll wanna sit on
And I aint gonna tell her nothin different
Thats ya issue
But after she come back
Your best out is not to kiss her
Hoes sick sayin damn, look at Fresh pinky ring
Look at BG watch
That bitch blingalingaling
I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will neva
See me sportin nothin that aint 20 g's or betta
Me and Wayne take the left
Juve and Baby take the right
Its dark in the room, we hold up our watches and its light
Cash Money millionaires livin a hell of a life
Like my nigga weezay said, we surrounded by ice

Chorus (2x)

(Lil Wayne)
whoa whoa whoa
Now im shinin baby glossin
Big tymin stuntin and flossin
Lamborghini sittin on broaders
With two more in my garages
Plus a blue and black ferrari
With nintendo and atari
Man I swear the car is awesome
Vroom! sorry we lost em
I'm back
I pull up smellin like dime sacks and cognac
I leave in the hummer, 
Hour lata I'm flyin back
Whoosh, private jets about to land
The women fall out when I let em touch my hand
I get out the plane into a mercedes benz van 
TVs all ova with chrome 20 inch fans, damn
Got damn
Man I am
L-I-L, weezy, off the heezy
But still in all, ice floodin on my watch
And in my grill and all
Porch blocks front blocks
Still in all, me and Slim in the Rover
Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soulja

Chorus & talking til fadeWhat
What?
Nigga, huh?
Huh?
Nigga, what?
What?!
What?
Check!

I'm shootin', flee
Pollutin' you and your niggas, betta run from me
Comin' through in a strap... with a 223
You be losin' your life when you caught up... in beef
What?  Nigga nigga, shiiiit!
Now, I'm ridin', ride
With a K on my side
50 shots flyin', fly
Nigga, you want beef with I?
I hope you lyin', but why?
In the middle of tha night, I be fatigued, camouflagin' by
Byy-bahda-by-by-by
Huh?  Nigga, what?  Takin' me for a joke, and watch me hurt cha
Boys there, they be commercial... I beat 'em 'til they purple
I'm a lil' bitty nigga, but I got a big ole chop, 2's that'll kill 50 niggas
Didja do it?  Thought it was cool?
But cha still in it, nigga
Your so ugly with your boys, but I'm still pretty, nigga
Lil' Wayne representin'
I cut like blades, I bust heads, and break legs
I tear up dreads, take our breads, now go figure
What?  From tha 17th, I back down from no nigga
Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggas
Man... ya'll niggas ain't up for this!!
Ya'll hatin' on me, you can suck my dick!
Didn't I tell ya ta chill?
Guerrilla, you can play if you want
Find yourself in tha back-a my trunk
Ho, feminine punk!

(Chorus)
Now, nigga, what?!  Huh?!  (What?!)
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?!  What?!  What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, I say what?!  Huh?!  Huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?!  What?!  What?!
Watcha wanna do?!

Now I be Wayne Wayne Wayne... from CMB
50 shots, flame flame flame... from artillery
Bullets, they stain stain stain... burn like rubber on tha streets
(Screech!) If you can't hang, find your way from 'round me
Lil' soldier in all black off-a A.N.E.
I pullin' ego, my nigga, so ain't no playin' me
Yeah, I may be... a lil' small and all that
But I'm 'bout war, totin' a gat, flippin' a car and all that
Now freeze!  Me and my g's hitchyour hood like fleas
Soldier rag, black 'Bauds, white T's, and Ree's
Please, tell me that you was fulla weed
When you said you want beef
'Cause I don't think nonna ya'll famileez wan' see ya'll bleed
I know what tha hell it be
Ya'll niggas don't listen up when we speak
I be ten-deep
Lettin' 223's chop trees
(?) told me not ta be weak, and let a nigga play me
So he... who take tha biggest bite, lose all-a his teeth
Hook up wit Juve, Turk, and B.G.
Open niggas like ki'
G... I bet some g's, boy, can't wet a HB
Or Steve's... CMB's make tha scene off tha heez
All ya'll beef-b's be seized when we ride... g's!

(Chorus)
Nigga, what!  Huh!  What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what, nigga, what?!  Nigga, huh?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say what!  Huh!  What!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what!  Huh?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!


Look, dog... you can be stupid if want, watch, it be war
Or all you drive tha car, I hit tha block and.. cut 'em off
Whole nation gon' fall... when Wayne spins tha cut
Guns up, nigga, what!... I clutch and bust
Niggas duck and hide... when.. I.. ride
I load tha forty-five, and explode on your side
My niggas, Mike and Mario,  they got some 2's for me
And I spin a nigga ben until he use ta me
I'm on a 3000-dollar duck.. on your block, just waitin'
Nonna dem niggas could take me, I was too in-tox-i-cat-ed
But, nigga, if you want war with me, besta be 'bout your issue
Hit your set with.. my nigga with them things ta split cha
Picture a lil' nigga dressed in black... with a big ole gun
In front'chyour house, shootin', 'baahhh!!!'.. hollerin' out, 'Nigga, 
what?!'

Nigga, what!  Huh!  What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what!  Huh!  What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, I say huh?!  What?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black, bustin' back at your crew!
Now I say, what!  Huh!  What?!
Watcha wanna do?!
I say, huh?!  What?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Nigga, what?!  Huh?!
Nigga, watcha wanna do?!
Have me in all black, bustin' at your crew!
What!  What!  What!
Huh?!  Huh?!
Nigga nigga nigga, what ch'all want?
Nigga, what ch'all niggas wan' do?
Nigga, what?!... Huh?!... Huh?![Lil' Wayne]
Got a early call from Kisha, Kisha wanted me to meet her
She said she thought it was time to make the relationship get deeper
Said cool then I'm gon' beep ya
What would be a good time to reach ya
She said what about ten but l thought eleven would be sweeter
Cuz she wanted me to see her, said I needed a teaser
But shit who got the keys to my Beamer
I rolled me up a blunt and got the Crystal out the freezer
I hopped in the two seater, left Nae-Nae with Macita
Vroooom speed up run faster than a cheetah
Only thing on my mind is how l'm gone get all in this cheap slut
Should I use a rubber cause i heard she was a freak but
hey say she keep it cleaned up, but I don't want HIV bruh
I drop my top on da drop-top, her name's on my beeper
I called her on the Nokia
And told her come pick me up
As soon as I got in the house she got on her knees and grabbed my penis
Ate it up like some peanuts
I said oooohhhh Kisha
Chopped off like a millimeter
She drunk it like a 2 liter
She blow like a pro, oh no I got to keep her
Told her l'd be back about eleven I'm gone creep her
But don't go to sleep, I got some more meat to feed ya

[Turk]
Now I'm hot, I wonder what's up with Kisha tonight
I'm gone give her a call, see if it's alright
For me to dip through, she said it's all gravy
First I got to get somebody to watch my baby
Baby it's all good, I'll be there in a minute
But she didn't know I knew Wayne was already hittin' it
Soon as I pull up I see my dog runnin out
He saw me peepin at him, but he didn't open his mouth
Soon as he pulled off
I knocked on the door
Sayin to myself look at this dog ass hoe
Its cool what you do
You know I like my shit sucked
For you to swallow the cum and put ice on my nuts
Caught my nut, now I'm up
I'm gone holla at ya Kittie
I got studio tonight, me and da H B'eezeys
I can't be late, I'm gon' see ya when I could
Hit Juve on the hip, let him know it was all good

[Juvenile]
Ooohh Oooh there she go, on the way to the corner store
Lil Turk let me know, we done fucked the same bitch before
Say lil mama where you headed, she told me forget it
Hop in the back seat of my car and she spread it
Say baby slow down I don't wanna fuck ya first
I want you to suck on my dick until my nuts will burst
She was a fool with it
She said she had a good teacher she went to school with it
Cuz she knew what to do with it
I didn't want the bitch to have my car smellin
So I took her in the alley with some K Y Jelly
Pull your shorts and your draws down to your knees
Put the rubber on the dick handle that please
I hit it she sucked it
Hit it she sucked it and sucked it
I got tired of the pussy and mouth and I said fuck it
Hey hoe, I gotta ride
My baby moma beepin me and she stay way on the other side
I hit B.G. on the celly
And told him that the bitch was all good up in the alley, 
not the telly

[B.G.]
This hoe don't know I know she fucked three of my dogs
I caught her walkin out the alley down by the mall
She fucked Wayne, Juve, Turk, I know she ain't got no walls
But they told me she'd do a damn job on the balls
She provided the number later on gave her a call
Told her what I was thinkin and she was down with it all
Can't deny it she was a fool kept that dick standin tall
What she'll do a nigga, should be against the law
That's how Hot Boys play it when we finish we toss
Baby when you finish Manny Fresh down the hall
After this episode that hoe won't be able to walk
After two or three steps that hoe might fall
Now you know then Hot Boys sad ha
Get in the bitch head, end up doing somethin bad ha
Kisha got did right yeah
Fucked the whole Cash Money click all in one night yeah(BG)
Niggas be hatin
'Cause BG got it
Every top of the line car they got
Look I ride it
From the Hummer to the Rover
To the drop jag
B and C lex truck 
Nothin' my click ain't had
Everybody head was fucked 
When they heard bout the deal
Cash Money hotboys climbed for 30-mill
Already was straight now we livin larger
Already was ballin now we ballin harder
??? bitches can't take me 
Cause my wrist stay flossed out
Niggas hate me cause all day i'm flossed out
Ghetto made me 
My dog, Baby, saved me
Niggas find out they hoe got fucked, ??
That's how it go
It ain't my fault I got mega cheese 
Walk that walk 
Talk that talk i'm BG
Paperchaser to the fullest get my grind on
Gotta do it cause I made that song Get Yo' Shine On
  
(Chorus)3x
Me and my click be sizzlin hot steamin
Bouncin' through diamonds high beamin'
  
(Wayne)
Wha
I'ma flosser baby, baller baby 
A fifteen year old shot caller baby
And I'm racin through 
In the all black chrome 
A Mercedes Coupe
Got yo' wife at my house 
And she naked too
And all my niggas all around 
Sayin 'Shake it Boo, go ahead to what you do'
It's Weezy dog and off the heezy dog
And I'm surrounded by the ice
It got me freezin' dog 
And it's plain and simple 
Won't change 'cause it's natural 
Lil' Wayne a pimp y'all
Got the game from Beatris
I'm tryin to see six numbers
Pull up at the Grammy awards in six Hummers 
Leave the Grammy awards with six womens
And make a stop at the gas station for six rubbers
Put it together
This is the life when you get full of the cheddar 
Don't try to end it or you would'nt get better, what
  
(Chorus)4x
  
(Wayne)
La, la, la, la
Here I come star rapper
I get the fast money
Short, cute hot boy that rapper Cash Money
Standin out the roof of my car 
And flash hundreds
Take your girl to the mall
Spend a G like that's nothin
She lay on the floor 
Open up the spot 
Take off her draws
Let me see the cunt
Don't stop Lil' Weezy
We's ain't nothin nice 
But gats in my Jesus Christ 
Nothin but ice 
When they see me at night 
Behind ?? I stay high
Snatch yo' wife 
Run up in her with the K-Y
But it's on man
Ever since I was born Wayne
Nigga get out of line 
I get dirty like John Wayne
I'm bout stuntin', flossin'
Whatever come wit it
And I don't shoot guns
Unless they have a drum wit it
At first they wasn't wit it 
Thought that I was jokin
Now I got 'em all payin attention like they owe it
  
(Chorus)(Lil' Wayne)
Cut the lights off nigga (Cut 'em off)
You know what time it is (What)
You know what time it is (What)
Strap -Up (Gun Cocks)
  
Verse 1
Alot of niggas better move out
Cause here I come with my click
With the tools out
All of a sudden all these cowards
Startin to spook out 
It's warfare a buncha of niggas
Bout to loose out
It's time to load up them thangs 
Hit the spot run in his house
And make 'em show up then thangs
Take 'em in the room go in his pockets 
And then blow up his brain
No matter the weather
Rain, snow, sleet, or hail
I'ma slang that metal 
So tell 'em niggas in yo' hood
To get it together
Cause i'm the tolas mario 
And we down for whatever
Nerver underestimate or you goin under
Y'all keep on playin with Lil Wayne
But that lil' boy trouble
And plus dis shorty be full, wodie
Be scorin bundles, dem start wildin and
Hit the block and let his toys rumble 
And it go ratter tatter
Ya be suprised how niggaz scatter 
When the M-1 shatter 
And everybody on they block
They get bout ten in they bladder
  
(Chorus)2x
Tell 'em lights off
Mask on 
Creep silent
Your lifes gone
We done left the block quiet
  
Verse 2
La
When it's time to ride
It ain't no time to play
It could be time to die
At any time of the day
And i'll be godammit
If i let a nigga steel me
It will not happen
Ima fire about a hundred and fifty shots at 'em
And got my glocks rammin
Leave a nigga spot damaged
That's how the beat made us
I chief three blunts 
So I can get a head rush
Then come around the corner
And your whole day crush
I'm sick and tired
Niggas choosin test a boy
They get hit and die 
Some of 'em scared of man slaughter
So they stay inside 
And watch they partner get lit up
And then they ask why
That's cause you played wit' me
They could'nt of known im'a guerilla
Drama stayed with me 
Run in his home went to kill him
Took his head with me
You better get it right or keep it right
Or lose your whole town
Tell em' lights off
It's about to go down 
  
(Chorus)2x
  
Verse 3
Massacire all these streets block it off
Lil' Wayne in yo' hood
With something like a rocket dog
And i'm after ya 
I don't pass beef 
I stop at all 
That boy got a head on his shoulders
I knock it off
I'm highly intoxicated mixing krystelle and vodka
Somebody call the doctor 
Cause my chopper done went blocka, knocka
Nigga out the way man
I'm sorry but us guerillas we can't stay tamed, say it man
Are you ready, ready
Ready for warfare Wayne, Turk, Juvi, and BGeezy they all there
We all flare, don't care, dog they all tear
Give the guns to the one with the long hair
Dem block burner
It gets quiet they see the rims twenty four seventy
(Breathes)they breathe heavlily
Bullets they come steadily
You better stay off the block
Cause you might fall
You better stay off the block
Cause the lights off
  
(Chorus)4x
  
(Lil' Wayne)
Lights off
Tell em' lights off
La, la, la lights off 
Nigga lights off
We done left the block quietLook, look, look

A young nigga screamin fuck the world and let 'em die
Behind tints, tryna' duck the world and smokin rie
Got my bandanna 'round my head and pants to my feet
And got my eyes fire red and glock on my seat
I'm tryna' stay under intoxication
'Cause I lost my father, and got an order, plus I'm on probation
I'm drinkin liquor like it's water, gettin pissy drunk
And stayin away from them lil' broads that tryin to give me some
I keep a chopper in the trunk and my heat on my wasteline
Duckin the law, 'cause I ain't tryna' do no FED time
Sometimes I just wish I could be away
But I gotta take care of Janae and keep Macita straight
So I just maintain the struggle and I keep tryin
But how can I when my closest people keep dyin'
I ain't lyin that the law tryna' bust my clique
But I scream fuck the world man, I'm too young for this

(Hook) 2x
Look, I don't cuss, but in this verse man fuck the world
I lost my father to a gun and made a little girl
And I'm still thuggin' wit' my niggas tryna' keep it real
And I'm still doin for my mother and I'm payin' bills

Give me a cigarette, my nerves bad
The FEDs said they heard that I know where them birds at
And my old lady say she saw me with anotha ????
And some a the boys shot up my block so now I gotta kill 'em
And teachers keep tellin' my momma that I'm gettin' worse
And now she trippin talkin 'bout I need to be in church
And my lil' girl whole family tryna' lie in court
Tryna' put me, a child, on child support
And whole family deny me of what I do 'cause I'm a 'thug and stuff'
Plus, my niggas keep fallin to them drugs and stuff
That dope got these niggas meltin away
Man they got clowns right around me, killin they self everyday
We keep fightin but they so strong
I know it's hard but don't give up baby hold on
Just keep ya fate, count blessings, and wodie keep ya trust
And grab ya nuts and let 'em know that we don't give a fuck
We don't give a fuck

(Hook)

I mean the world just ain't gon' never change
So I just keep my head up and my nuts, let 'em hang
Dawg I swear it's very rough out here for the youngstas
Like everybody against me 'cause I'm a young thug
Dear Rabbit, why they have to kill Rabbit?
But I'ma keep you alive, nigga, I'm Lil' Rabbit
That's why this lil' nigga be buggin like it's no tomorrow
I only can depend on macita and C-M-R
I try my best to make it through the night and live today
But I'm upset so I'm steady wipin' tears away
And police got me under surveilance when and wherever
Wreckin they brains, tryna' figure where I'm gettin that cheddar
I tell my family just leave me a-damn-lone
I can handle all a my business, this lil' man grown
But I try to forget about it and just stand strong
But if everythang was cool I wouldn't write this damn song
Fuck the world

(Hook) 3x[B.G.]
Say, Weezy (weezy)

[Lil' Wayne]
Can... they remember... me?
Lil' Wee... zy

[B.G.]
Make 'em remember (Haaa!) ya, nigga
Let these niggas know your (Look!) background, nigga (Look!)
Let 'em (Look!) know your (Look!) background!
Let 'em know how you've been for a while

[Lil' Wayne]
All I was taught was murder murder
Kill drama, and nothin' less
I strap tha Smith-Wess, and bust.. it in they chest
I had ta hustle hustle hustle hustle
Had ta struggle for success
Hid grams in girls' breasts, stick bricks.. under they dress
Them niggas there with me fooli'
Me, I'm full of that dilly
Hope when I catch them slippin'
Him and they daddy's trippin'
Shorty can hold it down
Shorty be totin' rounds
Smellin' like a pound on school grounds
Shorty, wow
Hair... all over my head
Bandana 'round my brain
Eyes bloodshot red
Briches down to my legs, guns up in my trench
When niggaz playin, they get drenched
My pockets is full of lead
So, nigga, stay off the benz, I'm young with bad nerves
Since I lost my father, I've been troubled hurt and disturbed
So I'on't even hesitate to leave 'em on tha curb
And wet dem niggaz shirt, nigga, get 'em full of birds
Tell them niggaz, Geezy!

(Chorus, [B.G.])
Remember he?  Tha little G, never die
Took one to tha chest, but Weeze Wee never die
Remember he?  Tha little G, never die
Have B.Geezy on his side, so Weezy Wee never die
Lil' Weezy Wee... had ta steal, hustle, and jack
Weezy Wee roll with K's, glocks, and MAC's
Tha little G, he was raised keepin' it real
That's my lil' nigga, I taught him to get it how he live, nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, look
That time I forgot tha bills
Ain't been home in two weeks
Macita lookin' for me
Tha word all over tha streets
Well, shiiit!  I love my momma
But all I got ta offer is drama, and many problems
I lay back in tha cut
These niggas out and I rob 'em, they ain't spin around here
We all alone on my block like nobody live 'round here
Tha lights got cut off at my house, and now I'm lookin' for a win-dow
I can't see it, I'ma drop my pile on tha floor
They got some niggas stuntin' in Benz, hey man, them boys ain't riders
{gun cocks} Hand it over, partna, my feet done got tired (Break it off)
Well, picture this, I gotta corner this ole nigga address
He said he got that work, and needed me ta meet 'im there (Meet him there)
Nigga, take your Roly down with somethin' shady, daddy (What?)
Within a week he changed his mind, and... received tha package (What?)
Oh well... back to tha drawin' board (Board)
Cowards start hollerin' 'cause they know I'm comin' for it

(Chorus)

[Lil' Wayne]
Lemme tell 'em
You remember that there nigga use ta be thuggin' it out
Blunt in his mouth, would stay passed up in a drought
Run in your house, "Lay down!  Nobody move!
Tell that slut go get your stash, and empty your pockets, fool!"
That's how it was...  crime, struggle, drivin' for scrubs
Lots of thugs... make niggas come ta answer them up
Some niggas choose ta come back to me, ride around my set for me
My lights off that thing 'cause I got that SKS with me
!Okay! (!okay!)
Listen, all you ballin' niggas betta !relocate! (!'locate!)
'Cause, see, ya'll got it
I gotta make my cheese !rotate! (!rotate!)
Right now I'm doin' bad
So just give me with whatever you have, my stomach hurt, I need a bag
I'm street-livin'... week for week
No-sleep livin'
Look outside ya window in tha mornin', your jeep missin'
My heat sizzlin'
I'm ready ta sweep these niggas
Geezy... make 'em remember Weezy, nigga!

(Chorus 2x)

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, remember that?

[B.G.]
Wuz up, (Are you rememberin', B.Geezy?)
I remember you, nigga, we go way back ta True Story, (Now) nigga, ya heard 
me

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, you don't remember me?

[B.G.]
I remember ya, nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
I was.. I was (You were doggin') a bad dog... (You were a lil' dog) Highly 
Grove 17, off top, nigga (Uh-huh)[Lil' Wayne]
What what what
What what what
What what what
Listen, listen
When.. I come through.. bustin'
Everybody on.. tha block be.. run-nin'
Weezy Wayne, Hot Boy, I.. be.. thug-gin'
Got.. them.. things.. ten up, keep.. hustlin'
Catch me at tha shop, I will.. be.. there
And my prices stay low, I keep.. it.. there
And if you want it raw, I got.. it.. right.. here
And if you want war, I am.. your.. nigh-tmare
This is all I know, it's bang bang
I hustle and slang slang
My block.. I hang hang
Who am I?  Lil' Wayne, man
I represent CMB
My cell is ten in heat
I usually get in beef
Was taught that it's him or me
I pop head-bustas quick
I rock here for my brick
I chop that, I'ma (?)
My shop here (????)
I always.. thug in black
And always.. bustin' gats
Your girly's.. fuckin' back
Now how you... lovin' that

Chorus: Juvenile (repeat 2X)

Hot Boys wodie, respect us
Representin' Team Cash-Money Re-cords
It's warfare, you betta, vest up
But if you ain't scared, they blow, your sets up

[Lil' Wayne]
Listen, listen
I give it to 'em how they ask me
Raw and nasty
Tha AK, I pack it
Believe I'm 'bout that action
Slash a busta like a fraction
I'm on that yolla
Standin' on tha corner with one sleeve over my shoulder
Ride on your block, I see a dozen of weak jerks
Now it's time for your momma ta order a dozen of T-shirts
For only half-a brick
I'll blast tha fifty
And I ain't gon' stop shootin' 'til I jam tha clip
Yeah, I'm a small creeper, what
But it's about ta get ugly
Ya'll betta call people up
I'm about ta start shovin' my sawed-off between your guts
Wayne 'bout ta (cugghh-gghh-gghh) ball people up
Ya'll betta duck
When it get real, they hide from me
But, all them bustas 'bout ta get killed, I'm tired of it
Man, I'm thuggin' 'til tha day I.. I die, cousin
Weezy Wee.. let 'em burn, bring tha fire truck in... (whoooo!)

(Chorus 2x)

Nigga, let it be known
I'll come blow up your home
Take a few blunts to tha dome
And.. show up alone
Just me and my.. flame-torch
Wayne start.. danger
Walked with my head down like a stranger, and banged ya
Burnin' off that Hennesy
Some-a ya'll be feminine
Bounce in with a twitch
Leave 'em crawlin' out a ditch
God damn... son of a shhh!..  Don't speak
I cocked that, and let it go, tssss!..  Give 'em heat
Your cheese, I got.. ta.. get.. paid
I'm goin' all out, no matter what.. it.. takes
I.. was.. raised.. up on.. that.. paper
Kill-for-the-scrill was.. in.. my.. nature
Tote M1's and keep.. tha.. block.. hot
Sell wrong colts to keep.. my.. glock.. hot
Never add taxes to.. my.. price, man
And if a boy play, I ride.. at.. night, man
What!

(Chorus 3x)

[Juvenile}
Uh, uh, uh
Say Lil' Weezy
You did this one here, ya heard me
They ain't gon' never get weared out from this one
It's like they said, boy
In tha year 2000, it's all about Wayne
It's your chrome, man, run that thang
17th ward to tha 3rd ward downtown
Do that there
Huh, huh, huh, huh[Lil Wayne]
Drop, drop, drop, what what what
After you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
After you back it up and stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Now drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

hehe, listen

[Lil Wayne]
You know me girl
I'm a cash money millionaire look at my Rolie (Rolex) girl
Drop to your knees toss your hair ahah slow me girls
Now hit it strong, won't be long, now catch it slowly girl
No he didn't say that, yes I did girl
I don't use rubbers, and I don't plan no kids girl
I don't want your number, I want your trouble, in ya skins girl
Then after that, you can get it how you live girl
That's on the real girl, I'm a pimp girl
Get it twisted, I'll slam you like Shawn Kemp girl
I know my neck get it hot like a lighter girl
I just slap you a couple of times, never fight it girl
That's cause I likes it girl
And let me tell you somethin girl, I am a player girl 
So don't you try to play me cause I never save a girl
Do me a favor girl, and wet the spot girl
And after you back it up, drop it like its hot girl

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[B.G.]
First I need you to bend both knees
Wobble that ass right, then pop that pussy 
The left one time, the right two times (whoa) 
Show a nigga somethin, put it on a nigga mind, come on, come on
Now twirk it bitch; ain't no need to hold it in, what you workin with
You want a Hot Boy, hear me, work it bitch
Then break a nigga off, let me hurt you bitch, let me hurt you bitch
I'm on fire yea, I'm nasty and I'ma make you holler yea
Girl think I'm playin, I'ma freak ya down
I'm a show you how we do it over here Uptown
I wanna hear you make them ooh, ooo B.G. sounds
I wanna hear you say boy, aw you laid that down
Aw you laid that down
I'm hot yea, people say I'm off the block
But I won't stop till you drop it likes its hot

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, make em' it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Lil Wayne]
I'm a rider boy, the hottest boy, respect me
Cause I'm on fire boy, on fire boy
Got them trees, holler boy, holler boy
Bout my cheese, them dollars boy, dollars boy
I'm a seventeen survivor boy, with choppers boy
I got guns that go BLOCK A boy, BLOCK A boy
Ya'll runnin with a monster boy, reason Wayne callin yall
And I'm a mobster boy, hit it right I get my ball on like soccer boy 
I keep it right I ain't gon thaw it off I'm a Tymer Boy
Go up in flames blockburner thats my motto boy
It ain't a game, I cock that cause I'm inside a boy
I'm a pimp, got a wife that'll holler boy
Catch her at the house steppin out the shower boy
(shhhhhhhh) hehehehehe, got a lotta boys
Claim to be soldiers but lies boy
And if I catch em I'ma bat em and make em retire boy

[Mannie Fresh]
Put a hump in your back and bend your rump
Hey sexy little mama we can do the hump
And you can hurt me hurt me, sex me sex me (what)

[Lil Wayne]
And after he finished, next me next me

[Mannie Fresh]
Work it jerk it pull it hold it grab it (whoa)
I need it eat it beat it, silly rabbit (ooo)
Woo hah stuck ya in the ass (ooo)
Got this thang up in ya like a snake in the grass (sss)
I know you wish you could go home (go home)
To a nigga with a dick like a python (python)
Stay up in ya like a off the hook telephone (telephone)
Got ya walkin round with nothin but a fuckin thong (wha?!)
Take the switch out on these freaks because cause I'm so wrong

[Lil Wayne]
So wrong, so wrong, so wrong
Drop (wha) so wrong, listen, listen, listen

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Then what, what, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
We make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Lil Wayne]
Tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha drop it like its hot
We tell em' after you back it up then stop
What, what, wha, drop it like its hot
We make em' drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot
Make em' drop it like its hot, drop drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot, drop drop it like it's hot

[Lil Wayne]
They go wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like its hot
Make em wobblety wobblety, wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, wa a drop drop it like its hot
Now after you back it up then stop
Wha wha wha, drop it like its hot
They gotta wobblety wobblety wa a wobblety wobblety
Wa a wobblety wobblety, drop drop it like it's hot
Tell em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot
Make em after you back it up then stop
Then wha, wha, wha, drop it like its hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot
Drop em like it's hot, drop it like it's hot
Drop it like it's hot drop drop it like its hot[Lil Wayne]
He he hee
I'm a young playa nigga, (what)
I get the game from the big tymers, nigga (what, what)
Who else?  (Speak on it)  On the real nigga, on the real nigga
Respect the game
Cuz I got the game

[Lil Wayne]
Y'all know who I is
Weezy coming thru in the bubble eye Benz
See me front in back with the wood all around
Plus I got that *boom boom* surround sound
Don't hate on me boy if you do *pow* get down
Come from under my shirt try to lift you off the ground
But on the other hand, I'ma keep running man
I got about a hundred coming up with three Hummers man
We stuntas man
I might stumble across a grand and give it to you wifey
And watch how she *slurp* on my pipey like a Icee
I might be in a Range that night
I might be in a Lex watching the game tonight
I got a hundred on Kobe, hope he playing it right
But if I lose, its cool,  that's some change lil shite
That ain't nothing
I ain't doing nothing if I, I ain't stunting
Hold up, girl be quiet, Lil Wayne coming.

[Baby]
Slow yo roll lil one
You ain't glad its bought
And Ms. Pat and gray head over there
In the back card gambling
At the bar dranking
But go head, just be quiet with 'em lil one

[Lil Wayne]
Broads I use 'em
Hatas I bluse 'em
My whole front grill is full of confusion
Got dammit
Weezy pull up in a Porsche, expanded (expanded)
I was to the back, niggas couldn't stand it
Soon as I left the scene, the women vanished
I got it like that
Got Rolex, blue shit hard to say watches
Plus I bought all of my niggas Cartier watches
Weezy and his clique leave with forty b-e-atches
"Million Dollar Man" baby Ted DeBiosi
Catch me sippin on some Hen, maybe Covoursier
Sammy, Mario, tody Taz, that's my posse
And what
You might see me dippin low in a Benz truck
Tell yo girl hello
I done did her, what you muggin me for
Keep playin with me, I'll put a slug in yo do

[Mannie]
Now looky here, young blood
Pull yo pants up on yo ass and put that piece of metal up in yo shirt
Don't make me get up out this wheel chair and kick yo ass
Now keep doing what you doing
Go head

Y'all know me, young playa, stomp with the big dogs
Play with me boy I give you cancer like menthol
Cough cough cough up
Got a cat eye Benz on Brabus
They call us Uptown shiners
Original hot boy$ baby, big tymers
I spit game
Get in they head, they be like, "Quit Wayne!"
Half hour later, I'm in they split man
Hehehehe it be kicks man
Let me get real
I'll kill on the battlefield
Steal for the scrill
I will never leave my clique nigga, I'm to trill
I'm a little peepsqueal
But I'm a ape in that jungle
And if you get it twisted,
Nigga, I'm taking yo lover
I mean I'm raping yo lover
Leave her taste in my rubber
I'm a playa nigga, I'm a playa(Juvenile)
Ah hmmm hmmmm
Hmmmm Hmmm
  
Verse 1 (Juvenile)
When I say I don't give a fuck
I mean that yeah
Niggaz brains is gettin bust
I didn't say that yeah
If a shipment was comin in
I need a haul of dat wodie
I need a sixty-forty nigga
And no chargin' that wodie
You done heard about Michael Jackson
And shiggidy shit
But you ain't never heard about me
When i'm flissin a bitch 
Niggas shoulders gettin knocked
Clean off of they head 
See that red dot comin from 
Me and my girlfriend
Cause I wants mine
I needs mine
And i'm about to get mine
At these times
Look lil' daddy 
You ain't got to worry about none of these other niggas
You needs to be worried about when Juvi comin to get ya
Look, I make a phone call to the big dog
Y'all bitches better handle y'all business before I hit y'all
Even though a nigga rich and i rock ice
I still bust a nigga head on the block aright
  
(Chorus)2x (Juvenile & Lil' Wayne)
(Juvenile)
It's enemy turf that i'm on
So I'ma play it how it go
Cock the hollow points 
And tote my black calico
My lil' brother Weezy
  
(Lil' Wayne)
My big brother Juvi 
Both hit tha blocks
Strapped up with the Uzis
  
Verse 2 (Lil' Wayne)
What, What, La
Gun for gun
Eye for eye
Better move yo' wife and son 
Cause I ride or die 
Cash Money Hot Boy
Bless me when i'm gone
But until then load up the chrome cause it's on
I been bout it
Put a boot up in my lip and put my dirty up in a clip
I drop the top and then i flip I hit his cock and make 'em flip
And I be full of that trash
I be the first one to jump out the jag bust at 'em fast
Watch the bullets chop off the head 
And make 'em fall in the grass 
One move they all die 
Lil' Weezy small fry
Guerilla when it's war time
Y'all better learn 
When this nigga shoot it'll be all hell
Well then let 'em burn
Hold 'em fo' ransom, hear me smart boy
Seven churn and i be damn if i let 'em go
If i don't get my dough 
Then hell will be all blowin'
Til I R.I.P., C.M.B. I be
I put it down for all my peeps
Nigga, I'm H.B. for real
  
(Chorus)2x
  
Verse 3 
All i know is the streets 
And how to strap up 
When it's time shoot it
Cock yo' heaters 
Tie up yo' bags 
It's time to do it
Blaze the blunt 
Shut off the lights 
And cut down the music 
Roll down the windows 
Turn the corner 
And let loose with the bbbbrrrrrr
If ya don't know now 
Then ya never will learn
You ca play with Lil' Wayne
And yo' block get burned
You must love to go swimmin
Cause tha water gets deeper
See i bust you wide open 
And take 'ya daughter with me
Here come the beat boy 
Shoot out the street lights 
Time to bring on the heat boy 
If you ain't really wit it 
Then you better get back
I open yo' chest 
And make it look just like a wet cat
This is a death trap 
I'ma a guerilla and I mean it
leave ya' head still in a beanin'
Lyin' on the cement
Calicoe steamin'
Red dot beamin'
Dressed up suspicious
Play wit Lil' Weezy, you'll be dinner for tha fishes
  
(Chorus)2x
  
Enemy Turf
Time to strap up 
What[Paparue]
Original roughnecks, hear {laughing}
Check!

(Chorus 2x)
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we
Nobody bust them heads like-a we
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family

[Lil' Wayne]
Look, it's little rhymecholy
Legendary like Bob Marley
17 ward superstar, feel me
I tell ya, shorty million dollar, nigga
Don't test, 'cause lil' shorty is a rider, nigga
Got my click behind me.. every step of tha way
Hit your wards, with tha pump, with your chest and your face
I'm a bloodhound... I ain't lyin', I'm thugged out!
I'm from uptown... and that ain't no Beverly Hills
You wan' know what that be like?  Well, curiousity kills
Send chills up my trigga finger, blast tha dummy
'Specially if it's a drought, I got ta have tha money
Take tha hit, even if it's below tha average money
Got to make it through tha week, and feed my family uppy
I'm just a lil' thug, what
Belt-buckle fall down to my cuffs, what
And police don't even matter, they can suck what
Tha price right if I catch ya slippin', nigga, what what.. what

(Chorus)
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we (nawww)
Nobody bust them heads like-a we (hmmmm)
Nobody could outshin we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family ([Baby]What!) ([Pap.] For real!)

([Baby]What! What!)Nobody burn them blocks like-a we ([Pap.] nawww)
Nobody bust them heads like-a we ([Baby] Say it, say it) ([Pap.] hmmmm)
Nobody could outshine we
Tha whole CMR, CMR family (For real!!)

[Mannie Fresh]
Eeh, what, what
What, you got a (?), 'cause of tha threats that you sendin' me?
Lil' boy, I got so much money, I know who killed Kennedy
I hear you tellin' people 'bout tha people you done
But look, everytime I brought me to ya, you all about fun
What made you bring a knife to a gun fight... now that's not right!
Why your bitch-ass even showed up tonight?
Nigga, we use ta kick it like Tai Bo
I don't know.. what made you go sideshow, turn jive whore
Kickin', trifling, dirty, and low
We use ta split chicken.. ride ta Texas and back
I drive tha rental car while you drive tha Cadillac
Shakin' like a pair of hot dice
Doin' 55, duckin' feds, law enforcement, and police
Niggas turn like fake gold.. sell they soul
Treat'cha like Chicago in tha winter:  ice cold!
9-karat 44's, and Calicos
Keep a clean nose
And tight Teflon bullet-proof clothes

(Chorus)
Nobody burn them blocks like-a we ([B.G.] What? What?)
Nobody bust (Stop!) them heads like-a we (What? What?)
Nobody could (Stop!) outshine (Stop!) we (What?)
Tha whole CMR (What?), CMR (What?) family (What?) ([Pap.] Uh-huhh!)

Nobody burn them blocks (Stop!) like-a we (Stop!) ([Pap.] nawww) ([B.G.] 
What? What?)
Nobody bust them heads (Stop!) like-a we (Stop!) ([Pap.] hmmmm) ([B.G.] 
What? What?)
Nobody could (Stop!) outshine (Stop!) we (What?)
Tha whole CMR (What?), CMR (Stop!) family (Stop!) ([Pap.] For real!!)

[Baby]
Nigga outta line, get smoked
I don't kidd, or joke
Fuckin' with my B.G., off top I'm goin' broke
I don't play with these niggas
I get.. low down and dirty
And have niggas' brains coverin' tha ground
I'm tha number-one stunter, you don't want my trouble
I'll have four niggas in your hood in my hummer
I'm from back in tha game, but ain't a damn thing change

[B.G.]
Ya get a whole thing for ten, nigga, tha price tha same

[Baby]
My money long, but it don't run with tha airport
I just bought a Hotel Cash Money Resort
Hos love my grill, hos love my crib

[B.G.]
These hos just love tha way that.. Baby live

[Baby]
But I'm a thug-ass nigga, arms full of some taps
Got a Cash Money Millionaires 'cross my back
You don't want funk with me.. I don't think you do, nigga

[B.G.]
We'll put ten-a-piece on your whole crew

[Baby]
What!

(Chorus 4x)
{fading out begins in 4th}Verse 1:
where my niggaz at, it's play it raw time baby
load up the guns guerilla war time baby
light up the blunts, light up the block time dawg
choppers with drums, ozzee's, and glock time dawg
whoever he with, they better stay cause they to nice
and whoever and hit, jump out the window and get it right
then we run in his house and hit the body and haul them out
then we empty the clip and let the Lord sort em out
bust it really, it ain't no stopping me cause i hang up to that ville
and now i'm tieing on my bandanna and i'm cocking back
jump out the Hummer and say lil shorty wear your stocking cap
dawg we got automatics, two shooters, six shots, and 50 round drums
hit your daddy, you suki, you son, your wife and move your momma
cause i'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain
tell em'

Chorus:
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!

Verse 2: (B.G.)
If drama come to me then it come
for that i got two glocks and a k with a drum
that's what i ride with not what i got got ducked off
the mac, sweeper, the six shot, pump that sawd off
i got the tillery when beef kick
i got soldiers ready to march when that beef start
i got niggaz be in that zone on that herion
i got niggaz ready to kill when shit get real
i got niggaz that play all out akirts of the field
so get caught up in that place and your brain get spilled
oh it's a game but it's a game of life or death
you lose and can't continue if you get dome checked
you get blues it's all what duck gonna be next
come in that water and get wet
think you can fuck with me, you thoughts will get upset
i don't shot to hit i shot to kill
believe me i don't shoot for fun when i shoot it's for real
Come on nigga!

Chorus:
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!
Come on, nigga Come on, time to do it nigga
Nigga Come On, Nigga Come On Wodie!

Verse 3:
Give me the guns, i'm ready to bust one nigga
my nuts hung nigga, since i was young nigga
i get dumb nigga, with the M-1 nigga
i sip some nigga, and i flip some nigga
A uptown stunter, what the hell you think
ready for war, BUT I AIN"T NO CAPTAIN OF NO GOT DAMN TANK!
and you can take that to vegillity boy
i'm burning up, i'm on fire is you smelling boy
cause i be coming with the top down 
letting them know how the chop sound
100 rounds tore the whole entire block down
assault rifle with a drum and beam totter
38 with a speed loader in my holster
Mac ozze achine with a strap around my shoulder
but if i pop my trunk i'm might just set off a damn explosure
i'm off the wall, off the hook, off the chain
got a sawd oil tec and i'm bout to knock off your brain
tell em'

Chorus x2

You ain't gotta hollar wodie, here i come nigga! x2Look, where I go from here?
Just lost my father last year
But I still, remain to keep it real like dollar bills
I drop tears, can't believe my daddy's gone
Rabbit come home, why ya left us all alone?
But I'm comin man
Just wait at the gates, I'ma be runnin man
Arms open, eyes wide, full a love
You watched me come up from a scrub
Now ya see ya son ridin everyday on doves
But I wish, I could share them times wit' you
It got me pissed, this family and my momma, too
But please brah, won't ya come back for Lil Wayne
And see tha; Ms. Rose, Sheryl, Kemp, and plus Senitra
Dawg, we really miss ya
And it ain't all that cool livin off pictures
Ah man, visit while I'm sleep, write a note or call me
Can't believe you left me to be a small man
But I know it wasn't meant to be
That's why I suck up all the game that you sent to me

(Hook) 2x
It's up to you, Wayne, nigga, stay up and keep it real
It's all on you, man, my nigga, I know how you feel
Just be strong, 'cause everythang gon' be alright
I know it's hard tryna make but it's gon' be alright

Alright I know it, see I got a child
I know I'm young, but when you left dawg, thangs got wild
I know you probably sayin 'damn, you raisin children now?'
But it's all gravy I'm with Baby makin millions now
So I still smile
I'm takin care ya wife brah
Ain't nothin changed, if I still come home late at night she fuss
But it's still the ol' same ol', same ol'
Thangs go, up and down like rainbows, we maintain though
So you know who payin the bills now, ah hah
Still flossin, give my audience the chills, ah hah
I got all my game from you, nigga I ain't gon' lie
But I'm still thuggin nigga, playa you think I ain't gon' ride?
But Slim and B done slowed me done and brought the talent out me
Yeah Slim and B done showed me 'round, all a the Jags around me
And I ain't goin' no where, that nigga stuck wit' me
And make you and my people happy, man it's up to me

(Hook)

I know you know I'm thinkin' 'bout ya, you be on my mind
I know ya see me everytime, watchin yo' lil boy shine
And I know that ya see I put out my own CD
And picture this, your little boy even on TV
But I swear it's off the heezy, Weezy
Say it's cool, you can believe me, I like how they treat me
I'm doin' what ya say, don't let a nigga try me
And I don't let a fine, pretty broad get by me
Don't let nothin' pull me off track from my hobby
Oh yeah, and I don't leave my room sloppy
But the same thang make ya laugh, make ya cry
And everybody that ya love it's like they have to die
I pray to the Lord everyday and ask him why
And ask him to bless your soul everytime I pass by
I know he doin' it, and leavin all the love to me
And I'ma prove it, and show ya daddy it's up to me

(Hook) 3x

I mean it's up to me man
Just watch over me
And it's gon' be all gravy man
Leavin big, treatin me all good
Everythang else be all good
Rest in peace ya heard me
I'll be there[Lil' Wayne]
Aw aw
Aw aw!
Aw aw!!
Peep me out, look!
Head bustin', black fatigues
So blunted, 400 degreez, it's sweet
Nigga, respect me
When you see tha left hand buggin', nigga, respect it
But if you see tha left hand bustin', nigga, your disrespectin'
Took one to tha chest, I never die, I'm tha same brotha
Jump out and shoot K's, let 'em fly, I'm tha same brotha
It's a must they recognize that I'm untamed, brotha
Disconnect a boy like a damn change number
Uhhh, hang up and try again
I kill ya, wake ya up, and make you die again
Spark it up, and make a nigga block fry again
Go ta jail, and do life, not five ta ten
Me, Lil' Mario, and Toolie, that's my man, fam
My niggas don't give a Jean-Claude VanDamme
About'chu, 'cause we don't play around
Bring tha K around, spray tha town, take tha ground
Take tha ground that you walk on
Tap tha phones that you talk on
Jam ya up and take your arms off
I hit you twice with tha sawed-off
And your nigga just watch your head fall off... fall off
You think ya love me, I shoot anybody that look suspicious (what)
I bust tha three-six until tha damn drum bust (what)
I hit tha hood, (I hit tha hood) be up in all black, (be in all black) 
numb-nut
I run up in your house with a tommy gun, what
I'm standin' there like all mine
Run through your click like a weak defensive line
Doggy fresh

[Turk]
You want war, nigga, let's beef... beef
We can do it how ya want, or take it to tha streets... streets
I'll be dressed in camouflage, Ree's on my feet
Through your air (through your air) leave ya burnin' like heat
What ya.. know, I'm tha one from tha T.C.
Chopper shooter, block bruiser, I'll bet any G (any G)
On fire, nigga, label, that's a HB
And if I can't kill you.. killin' your family (family)
Think it's a game, 'rilla, test my nuts, you'll see
How fast I send shots through your 6V (6V)
Heads bust if ya really think it's CMB
And I know you all know about Slim and B
We get our ball on, nigga, drink Cristy
Me and Buck get head from meekos in Tennessee
Betta ask somebody, nigga, I been a G
And the Baby still servin' niggas for ten a key... nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
Aw, aw, aw, look
Call me big baller, Big Tymer, big pockets
Call me big stunter, big stick, or big body
Call me that lil' nigga with tha Role... fulla diamonds
Call me tha number one Hot Boy on fire
Fire, when you shoot outta town, then I'ma holler
With a crate of Crystile, couple of blunts, and a condom
Let him know if (let him know if) he down bad, that ain't my problem
Ler him know if he come at me bad, then I'ma chop him
Ch-uh.. chop him
Put tha flame to him
All of a sudden tha thing hits straight through him
'Cause I'm tha same nigga, pimper boy, Lil' Wayne
Thugged out, pants fall to my shoe strings
But since I use ta be.. doin' tha best at thangs
That mean I gotta wear a vest that day
I really think them niggas jealous... of tha sparkle in my necklace
He ain't ready.. he ain't ready* send corrections to this typist

The block is hot, the cops is swarmin a neighborhood heavy
While niggas off in the neighborhood sellin, with penitentiary chances
The dope roped up in the cup of their pants
Fiends flock like ??? come get this candy
I got heroin in bundles, them Highland O's
Plus a cooked slab, chopped up, dimes is swoll
If I spot the laws comin, hey its time to roll
Candy Carter got a line of parole, Outta control
The first fell a Tuesday this month oh sweet thang
Plus it's a sweet day, me next score for three days
One time they say what you mean, I gets the green
Break up the block like Maurice Green, ya feel me?
In my predicament I'm guilty until proven innocent
Hustle ridiculous, I'm tryin to get this dope continuos
Ball til I fall, one thing, I ain't tryin to fall
Want everybody numb like ambasol
But he heard

[Chorus 1]
Uh oh
There go them fuckin po-po's
And if you know like I know
You better get off the corner

I'm a young dog, wild and ecstatic, violent when passin
hem gangstas doin time in a parishment, role models
And keep ya cup, we drink whole bottles, and cuss at niggas
Like fuck that nigga, I let my pump subtract niggas
You beef with me I guarantee your mams be missin
With a note behind demandin three chickens or she gets it
Do not twist because lil man is trippin
They could have ya body in three different places
Ain't nothin gravy, but save it
Cause I'm a ride and hit the nigga street
Weezy go to war like Sadaam and Clinton disagree
While I'm shitty from the weed
Like were them bustas be
I promise ya never fuckin sleep, I clear the set
Come outside late at night to your surprise I'm here with Tecks
Two shots knock off the niggas necks, it's so realistic
So I hope ya get it, or else them shots poke ya fetti
Be on the block until them souljas hit it
That's when he heard....

[Chorus 2]
Blocka
Me come to tear your block up 
If you don't want no problems
You better get off the corner

All right, I cook it, cut it, ship and move it
I make a livin in this crooked public distributin
Just take a peek around, the hood is floodin, shit is boomin
The hottest D in town lookin for me hit me Tuesday, like after six
See I crack the bricks right down to Z's
Got pounds of trees, my blocks blazin qp's to ki's 
Gangin in the cheese, them bricks is comin
No droughts I don't sit on nothin
I don't believe I'm frontin
If I give you a dime, I leave with somethin
The big dog, Nigga I got the city under siege
And the law don't bother me, I give the pigs a couple of G's
Shit, I hustle strong to push this work through the streets
I'm tryin to deal with every nigga, and sell the birds up cheap
I'm greedy, if there's any money bein made from drugs I need it
Twenty bricks two weeks completed, you can't beat it
Whatever you want, holla at me when you need to get it
Does anybody else, I'll pay em a visit
That's when ya heard....

[Chorus 3]
Come here peeps
I'm hearin that you run these streets
You don't want beef
Then get off the corner

[Chorus 1,2,3,3 repeat 2x]

Uh oh, you better get off the corner, skirt
Blocka, you better get off the corner
Come here, you better get off the corner
Get off the corner, Get off the corner
What, uh oh, get off the corner
What, uh oh, you better off the corner
What, uh oh, you better off the corner
What, uh oh, you better off the corner
Like dat, Get off the corner[Turk]
Come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
I roll with a bunch of untamed guerrillas, head bustas, and sharks
Niggas that's 'bout beefin' - lettin' them K's spark
Knockin'-it-off-your-shoulder soldiers - them real niggas
Niggas who did time - hard-to-kill niggas
How you live, you get it is the way a nigga play it
Niggas ain't fightin' no more - niggas bustin' your head
Sendin' you to your grave - it's do or die, cousin
Aimin' straight for your head, makin' sure you die, cousin
They dressin' in black, prepared for combat
Ridin' four deep strapped with choppers and macks
Not givin' a fuck, gettin' your cut, lettin' it bust
You get hit, that's on you, my nigga - you're outta luck
You're stuck like chuck - wodie, you're assed out
That's what happen to ya tryin' to be hard, runnin' your mouth
Get erased, my nigga (my nigga)
Look here: I leave no trace, my nigga (my nigga)
No witnesses so can you see my face, my nigga (my nigga)
Fled the scene - so you have no case, my nigga- -case, my nigga
Look here: you can play if you wanna get down
Get your stupid ass left where you can't be found

(Hook [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done popped you up, chopped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up

[Juvenile]
I was wrong for a lot of shit that I'ma take to my grave
Continuously whippin' niggas like a runaway slave
Must was meant for me to be thuggin' - I stay in some beef
Baby and Slim keep tellin' me, "Juvenile, stay off them streets."
I can't help - I draw attention; they be fuckin' with me
I'm hot in the ass and can't get enough of these streets
A lil' nigga in the Rolls screamin', "Fuck the police!"
Peelin' out in front the club, about to duck to the east
Now play yourself, you gon' find yourself by yourself
In a nice place ducked off with fucked up health
I done been strucked and snuck, but never fucked and stuck
My life is four hundred degrees, so I bust 'em up
Still stickin' to the g-code, Ree's, and B's
Quit drinkin', but I will smoke some weed indeed
All they understand is my project English
And if you don't like it, you can kiss my penis

(Hook-4x [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[B.G.]
I run the streets 'cause I'm real if it's daylight or dark
You a killer, nigga? (Eah?) Ain't no fear in my heart
I'll go toe to toe with ya or take ya to war
I'll even go K for K with ya - now make your choice
Better know when I'm in beef that I be creepin', nigga
Better know that I'm a snake, and I'ma sneak ya, nigga
Each time I hit the corner, I be leavin' niggas
Momma upset - can't even go on and grievin', nigga
Nothin' change - I'm on TV, I don't play with you niggas
Still the same that'll spin broad day on you niggas
And empty a hundred out that K
Where you're caught hangin' is where you're left stankin', ya heard me
I've been in the game - niggas know what I'm 'bout
So many murders under my belt, I done lost count
If you wanna be another number, my nigga
Go ahead, drop your nuts, and run up, my nigga

(Hook [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
We done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Nigga, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Whaa?)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[Lil Wayne]
Hello, world
I zip through fast in a yellow pearl drop Porsche Boxter
Young mobster, wild and obnoxious
Pop some in your dreadlocks - What? Me not no rookie, boy
Glock cookin', boy
I'll turn your forehead to a pussy, boy
Off the gate, cousin, you niggas gon' make me stalk and spray somethin'
Spark or lace somethin'
Park the car, get out, walk, and spray somethin'
Taught to stay thuggin' brought up in this shit that we call America
And in my hood the laws are scared of us - we are too terrible
If I live to be old, it's a miracle
'cause the way a nigga hatin' or bitch plottin', the shit's hysterical 
That's why I keep me two big guns on blast like a stereo
Come to your burial and kill anybody else who care for you
Don't blame me, society changed me
You haul white, you smash powder all night for the fast dollar
Cut off lights, we masked riders
The hood trash got us in a position we can't shake
With boys we can't break, and due to that you ain't safe, bitch

(Hook [B.G.])
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up, nigga (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
And we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
(Did you see that?)
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Boy, look,
We done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Now, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done hit you up, lit you up, twist you up (Ooohh!)
Look, we done chopped you up, popped you up, boxed you up (Ooohh!)

[B.G. (talking)]
Nigga - we put holes in you bitch-ass niggas, ya heard me
We don't barrow nothin', don't fear nothin'
And ain't nothin' you can do 'bout these (Hot! Hot! Hot!) Boy$, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
Let 'em burn, nigga
B.Geezy, Lil Wheezy, Juvy, Two Tymer* send corrections to the typist

(talking)
I know, I know, Weezy Wee, this dedicated to my father 
Rabbit nigga, y'all excuse the expressions

What it be like up there baby boy, ay this here ya son hollerin at ya
I miss the shit out ya, it's hard to be without ya
But I know you watchin, peepin down on how I'm livin
Ay, tell Jesus I said thanks for the blessings he sendin
Please ask him to forgive me for the sins I commit 
Just let him know I'm still young and at risk
Say, I'll never forget the time that you caught me smokin herb in the house
I was dead wrong, I deserved to get out
But you just talked it over with my mom and got it situated in due time
Told me get the paper instead of high
So now I take that advice and shed light over my whole life dog
I wanted to be just like you my whole life dog
I can't believe them niggas stole ya, that shit's pain to me
But don't trip, I hold you down, you still remain through me
And dog I know I can't see you but I bet that you smilin
And I'm a make you even happier, I promise

(Chorus) 2x
I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know
But I know you watchin over me nigga, I know
But the shit's steady hurtin, burn deep
But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog

I know you see my daughter growin up and bad as ever
But she cool 'cause she do whatever daddy tell her
And your wife, she's still the most wonderful woman
I just built her a new house, she ain't runnin from nothin
B and Slim, them niggas still love me like they own child
Ms. Rose nerves get bad, but still she gon' smile
And me I'm on some squad shit and some debate it
But I know they love it way more than they hate it
And I know you probably laughin at the way I treat these hoes and these 
bitches
I try love 'em, my BM be trippin
But Rabbit, you know one thing, I got the game from you, every perspective
That's why I keep the gun at close connection for protection
And you see I left school behind and chose CMB
It was impossible on the road every week, but I know enough
And I follow by everything you ever told me, think wisely
Watch over me my nigga, just guide me

(Chorus)

I swear to you man, at some times I really wish I was with you
'Cause I get fed up with this life and I miss you
Somebody pass me a tissue, and let me wipe the tears from my eyes
Yeah, nigga I cried, it's 'cause I loved you dog
I promise I won't ever put nothin above you dog
So I live my life in dedication of you dog
I know you see me happy on the outside and hurt within
Make me wanna grab that gun and burst again
But I know they got a reason why I'm here
And I know they got a reason why you gone
And therefore, I'm succeedin on my own
But you ain't never left me, nigga, you still dwell in my heart
I can't forget you kept it real from the start
And until my last breath I exhale, I'm a keep you with me
And when we do meet again, I'm a keep you with me
And tell them niggas Pac, B.I.G. and Pun I said "thay's my peoples"
Watch over me nigga 'til I see you

(Chorus) 1 1/2x

(Wayne talking)
I know I can't be close to you (dog)
I know you watching over me dog
But the shit's that it hurt and burn deep
Its alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog
Rabbit, nigga, its your son
I'm down in your hole and your down
You see Cita straight, mom straight
Your mom straight, I mean everything going right
B and Slim nigga, is the realist niggas I ever met dog
And plus now I'm on some squad shit
My niggas, they keep it real with me
I keep it real with them
My little girl growning beutiful as ever man
You need to see her dog, she bad though man
Anyway dog, aiight holla![Lil Wayne]
Let's go - let's go
Let's go - let's go
They can't fuck with me now
Huh? Fuck with me now
No, they can't fuck with me now
Can't fuck with me now
Let's go

[VERSE 1 - Lil Wayne]
I go by "Wheezy: the Don"
Magnificent nigga, lot of ice around my neck, and freezin' the arm
And if a nigga decide to test, their chest get completely took off
And if you wonder who the fuck (?)
(?) we so sip
It's like ain't nothin' but we gotta squab
On the block everyday sellin' rocks and shit
Choppin' bricks - give the damn cops a dick
We cop a whip and drop a brick - that's how we do it
Weed, liquor, money, and guns how we do it
Freak bitch to swallow cum like fluid
Who it be? Through his feet, Dubbs
Ain't nothin' sweet 'cause I can't keep trust
Lil' nigga - worth well over a mill, nigga
Real nigga - come around and show up where you live, nigga
Pullin' out the K's, nigga - (??) and all
Wayne 'bout to damage your home
Nigga 'bout to go to see the man in the stars
Hoppin' out the van with bandanas and all
Cannons went off
News cameras takin' pictures of your family when your avenue's gone
Damn, it's a shame how the bullets slammed in your brain
How the ice slammed the pain, rammin' your dame
That's because she ran into the game
Nigga, stop playin' with Lil Wayne
Come on!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
No! They can't fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya

[VERSE 2 - Lil Wayne]
Iceberg shorty dammit, pants is saggin', forty magnum
Comin' out the club on Bacardi's, staggerin'
Ten in the Ferrari wagon, braggin'
Ohh, what's happenin'?
(??) 'round the court 'cause some ex just looked at me
Runnin' with them cats that be clappin' the plastic
Nigga put a cap in your asses
Catch me on the av with the crack and a 'matic
Hopin' that the law don't pass me - stash it
First of the month, just snatched me a package
Bag it - 'bout to get this motherfucker crackin'
If a nigga think about jackin', please believe
I be clip-slappin', click-clackin'
Pull the bitch back and run up on his parents
Kidnap for his snacks, and then whack him
Shit get drastic
That's why I try to stay as fars away from beef as I could
Grab me a freak to ease on my wood
Transport coke from each of my hoods
Wheezy Whee - CMB's in my blood
In the streets seventeen's where I'm from
And I ain't got no feelins for none of these womens
Really, though, fetticheese is my love
You know the streets made me
And I don't give a damn if you hate me
Nigga better be S-Q-A-D
Until the bigger man do take me
Squad shit!
You don't want no violence to keep the quiet
We call my people wild, and then we beef in quiet
or we'll creep in houses, we'll sweep your momma
So, please stay out it, or you leave in silence
Come on! What!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh, they can't fuck with me now, them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Uh, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh, they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Come on!

[VERSE 3 - Lil Wayne]
It's too dark for ya's
I ain't got no love for ya's
Let gunshots smoked ya's
Who fuck with us?
Weed, liquor done corrupted us
Wet a nigga like umbrellas
Take the woman out a man; stomach out a man
Pump and bust, the guts comin' out a man
Runnin' out the Hummer with guns in each palm
If the motherfucker sleep, call him come get it
Niggas be kiddin' - me awake, deal away
gun-spray - bullets damn near took off your son face
Oh, shit - niggas on that whole shit
Fours spit so quick like that lil' nigga ain't got no sense
Slow this shit down - let me get back down to reality:
I cause fatalities for any technicality
Wipe off your family randomly - ya understand?
It ain't no motherfuckin' game, and I ain't fuckin' playin'
Come on!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Uh, they can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Them can't fuck with me now - ah, they can't fuck with me now
Look-
It ain't a game, nigga - I don't know who told you it was
I put holes in your mug if you're holdin' a grudge
Try to take 'em when you get the gun and load
and the slug check ya low when I bust
Come to show you no love
Ah, fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
They can't fuck with me now - them can't fuck with me now
Stop playin' when ya get it understood
'Cause I know if you know what's good for ya
Come around your hood for ya
You don't know me - I kill everyone who show love
You have them motherfuckers lookin' all up in the woods for ya
Ah, fuck with me now - they can't fuck with me now
Them can't fuck with me now - no, they can't fuck with me now

[Lil Wayne]
Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game, nigga
Can't fuck with me now - it's not a game, nigga
Wha, wha, uh, uh, nigga!
Wheezy Whee!!! (Whee! Whee! Whee!)
Watch out! (Watch out!)[Lil' Wayne - talking]
Fuck, man I been on this block all day
(say, say, say, say, say)
Hot man, get off my shirt, hot man
(Oh whatchu got?) Ohhh who that?
Boy that look like Baby, that ain't (that's dubs?)
That ain't Baby (that's dubs?)
That ain't - that is that nigga man (lets go)

[Baby]	Say Lil' One
[Wayne]	What, what's happening with you big dog?
[Baby]	Look I need to talk about some serious shit dog
[Wayne]	Like what?  Look I ain't have nothing to do with 
	killing them...
[Baby]	Slow down, I'm talking bout some getting money shit
	and how its gonna go down
[Wayne]	Well holla at me nigga, talk to me, let me know	something
	cause right now I'm tired of hustling
	and these rocks ain't doing nothing
	and to tell you	the truth I feel like I be out here for the fun of it
	I swear if I don't hit a lick by next month, I'm done with it
[Baby]	Understand, but you ain't listening you just talking
	I said I could get you paid, is you with that offer?
	I know you see me coming through everyday pimpin
	In a Benz, the Jag, and a Ferrari
[Wayne]	Yeah, but I like that Bentley
[Baby]	All thats cool shorty, you can get this if you with me
	Let me run it down to you bout this shit that I've been getting in
[Wayne]	I mean, I'm saying, it sound good, I like that
[Baby]	What thats a blunt?
[Wayne]	Yeah
[Baby]	Light that, nigga I'll be right back
[Wayne]	Aight cat, just don't be playing, this worth my while?
[Baby]	Lil' daddy I play with hoes, is you a hoe?
[Wayne]	Nah
[Baby]	Say I got work, I need to flood it all over
	I can't do it all myself, so I need me a lil' solider
	I been peeping ya lil' ass, I see you grinding and shit
[Wayne]	I been peeping you too, nigga I see you shining and shit
	And you don't even know how long I been trying to find me a brick
	To make it flip and take the chips and go an buy me a whip
[Baby]	Fuck a whip, that could wait
	You worry bout your cake
	Once you make enough to play, go buy a Z-28
[Wayne]	A Z-28, boy go head, once I get change 
	I'ma go an cop me a Ranger and two platinum chains
[Baby]	Well look I ain't fucking with you
	You too young from the start
[Wayne]	Man that ain't even got anything to do with it
	Its dedication and heart
[Baby]	Dedication and smarts
	Don't put your heart in this game
	Cause when you fall to deep in love you get caught in this game
[Wayne]	Well correct me when I'm wrong 
	And acknowlegde me when I'm right
[Baby]	Lil' bitch, if your hard head ass listen I might
[Wayne]	B, I'm all ears
[Baby]	Get your ass in this car
[Wayne]	Unlock the door
[Baby]	Its unlocked
[Wayne]	Don't holla at me
	You ain't my pa
[Baby]	Now stop playing, look I got a hundred bricks just came
	fifty ki's of raw dope, and fifty bricks of cocaine
	Pays five a piece
[Wayne]	Every week?
[Baby]	Just move it together
	I'ma knock off my lil' section
	You take care of your area
[Wayne]	Ughhh, nigga I been waiting to be the Don 'round here
	I'ma have Coke and Dope 
	It's gone be on 'round here
	But how you want me to sell this
	Zones, Quarters, Halfs, Ki's?
[Baby]	However they ask for it, just give it to them Lil' Wheez
[Wayne]	I'm all for it cousin
	I'ma get me a million
	If power get between it I'ma split me a nigga
[Baby]	You better, but when I get you this shit nigga
	Let them have it
	I bet you be on the block, working - directing traffic
[Wayne]	Like you park here, you park there, you meet me in the cuts 
[Baby]	Say Lil' One
[Wayne]	What's up?
[Baby]	We gonna fuck it up
[Wayne]	Nigga what?  Nigga what?  Haha

{*Car sounds in background as you hear Lil' Wayne 
 whispering something you can't understand*}[Lil Wayne]
We had them bitches that they feel like it was some drug
Its Weezy Wee, Mannie Fresh, and Unplugged
We had them bitches that they feel like it was some drug
Weezy, Fresh, and Unplugged

[Lil Wayne]
Give me a big fine bitch in a dress, one who put them lips in effect
Suck the dick until the shit in her chest
You can piss on her breast, I like that shit
Project hoes like that dick, don't bite that dick
Give me a Spanish big and sweet ho, black from Puerto Rico
Freak ho, specializin in givin me deep throat
Really don't care how (?) shorty
Give me head, don't care, swallow cum, don't spit
Aww shit, I like them Jamicians and them Hatians
Niggaz can't take it when they shake an make me rape 'em
White girls I video tape 'em and they enjoy it
They love it when everybody saw it, it's off the chain
High yellow Mexican bitches they all for brains
But watch them hoes that want the change, it's not a game
Or a short cuban hoe, with a fat ass though
Bet I'll treat the bitch just like Fidel Castro

[Chorus: UnPlugged]
Tell me what you like, let me tell you what I like
If you go on and break me off by the end of the night, 
you can ride with me
Cause I like ya Simmon's jeans, ain't tryin to make a love scene
Truly I just want you to break me off

[Lil Wayne]
Listen, listen, it's Weezy the hottest, drinkin Barcadis
I stream through the scene in a Lincoln on Robbers
Lookin for the finest dime to wine and dine
Later on I'm tryin to climb behind ya spine
Hold up lil mama, slow ya ass down
Pick ya up, dick up in ya, throw ya ass down
Now throw ya ass around, and scream me name 
I can't hear you say it louder what (Wayne, Wayne)
A damn shame, better watch that boy he nasty
I strap on de plastic, make ya bounce like elastic
Put the pickle in the middle, make it wiggle for y'all
Might be small, but that dick ain't little at all
I like a short thick broad, fat ass and shit
Like sassy, flip like Trina, "Da Baddest Bitch"
Matter of fact when I see her, +Pull+ her +Over+ like a cop
Juvey coulda "Backed It Up" and I'da "Dropped it Like It's Hot"
Ya heard me?!  (What, haha)
Haha, Unplugged

[Chorus]

[Mannie Fresh]
I like them big and round, pretty and brown
A bitch that take it from the back and make the (Ugh Ugh) sound
Now you can bounce slide drop, giddy up, giddy up
Now you can ride til you feel it get a nut, get a nut
Shake for ya hood, bounce for ya baby daddy
Twerk for that nigga got you pregnant in the Caddy
Slide with the KY, hold up, pause
My bitch got thongs, yo' bitch got drawers
My chick like to swallow, yo' chick like to spit
If yo' chick was my chick I'd still love that bitch
Hold up, wait a minute, chill out, stop
My ginseng, viagra, and a strawberry pop
See I'm gettin kinda bold, won't ya bring a friend
From vagina to the asshole do it again
I want a yucky down misses bout delta
Yo mama loved a Tymer but now you welcome
You ok lil mama and I love that chick
But deep down inside I just love my dick

[Chorus] - 4X[Lil Wayne]
Look look look - don't play with me
Look look look
Huh? Huh? Look
Let's get the pistols out the trunk, let's get ready to bust things
Leave a nigga block full of nothin' but guts, brains
Ain't no way, nowhere that these niggas could duck flames
My guns up for and tellin' all to suck Wayne
I'm runnin' with a clique that just be thuggin' heavy
Plus I'm runnin' in them bricks, cook it, cut it, sell it
One time for my daddy, Rabbit, up in Heaven
Ever since my nigga died I've been strapped up and ready
Come and get it - it's Wheezy Whee, the hottest ever
Now this fella gon' get bullets inside his sweater
I'm just terror, or better yet, horror or drama
And tomorrow I'ma hit the block and barrow your momma
Beef with me, you're swimmin' in water with sharks and piranhas
Revolvers and choppers got all your partners callin' the coppers
And for the grand finale, I might pull up in a tan Denali
When I hop out, in my hand is a Calico sprayin' your family

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Don't play with me - I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
You bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
And I pop my gun
Better hide and run

[Lil Wayne]
What is this that done got me in your district? Twist it
Now everybody got dots on they heads like Egyptians
I'm tipsy - I've been sippin' on that Hennessy, people
Then it get deeper, I start shootin' up innocent people
Seventeen creeper is who I - what I - be, dog
The clip slide in the four-five, then it blow five
In heat, dog? It's your life or me, dog
On four tires, or feet, dog
I still be on the block sweepin'
Nobody is not sleepin'
Got me in all black with a gun in a palm
Run in his home, start shootin', hit his son in the dome
Dummy, it's on - ain't gon' be no relaxin' and stuff
cause when I come through mashin' the truck, I'm blastin' a pump
and passin' a blunt - me circle once to see if he dead
Gotta be sure cause niggas promised me a ki if he dead
But, dog, you get it raw if you are with the kid
I'll push your baby momma car off the bridge
Huh?!

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

[Lil Wayne]
You might catch me with bandanas and strapped T
On the back street of your block in the back seat
I'ma cap three at the first coward I up and see
I'ma bust the piece and knock his body a couple of feet
When I rush your front door, you get a few to your stomach
Hope they dress you up nice because your funeral Sunday
Nigga shouldn't've played tough - wouldn't've got his head bust
Now your whole livin' room is full of pink and red stuff
Now you're gatted up, full of that vodka and weed added up
Fresh platted up, your T-shirt all tatted up
Crack in the tongue of my kicks
Plus I got a gun on my hip, and I'm runnin' the strip
I know you see me: Little Wheezy killaholeezy
A hundred rounds from the chopper leave 'em real sleepy
You know how we be smellin' weedy up in our clothes
Cutthroatin', connivin' killers, but that's all I know
Huh? Huh? Huh?

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Nigga, bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me - boy, I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me cause I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me - boy, I wish you would
I'ma hit your hood, then split your hood
Niggas bet' not play with me cause I cock my gun
Then I pop my gun
Better hide and run

Niggas bet' not play with me
Look, uh-huh (uh-huh uh-huh)
Look look look
Look look look
WhoaDawg you gotta feel me on this one 
What it be like dawg, I'm on some some adope grown up type shit 
Look who I be around nigga, look who I been around nigga 
Geezy, Juve and Turk, B and Slim dawg pay attention dawg 

[Verse 1]
Age is nothin but some digits nigga trust me on this 
Cas I think I speak for every one when I say life is a bitch 
I ride D L into the C L Gun right in my grip 
I slip a clip in every rip , cas hatas likely to trip 
Come home to my future wife and every nite she'll flip 
She end up catchin rights to her lips behind diapers and shit 
But I like when we split drink henney without ice when I'm pissed 
Go to the club and start a fight thinkin I'm Tyson and shit 
But I'm a man so I'm here to handle my situtions correctly 
And i noI might be dumb but niggas gone definantly respect me 
But in the mean partner I'm fightin gun charges in court 
And in a couple of weeks our next tour about to start 
Its like i'm livin happy now 
except for the fact my daughter sayin I love you daddy now 
And that kinda juice me up and I smoke about 3 blunts 
and puff a cooler bust me up 
And say a prayer for everyday 
just so I get through the stuff but I be like 

(Chorus) - 2x 
Ahhhh man, it's complicated doin everythang on your own man
being responsible for everybody and yo own man 
and when u feel like everythang is goin wrong man
I'm gone stand cause I am a GROWN MAN 

[Verse 2]
I try to keep my head up, but I die to keep my bread up 
And usually I'm fed up thinkin everythang's a set up 
But I get up this stick out my chest and clutch on my nuts 
And i get hit up with all kinda stress 
And put up wit the stuff trust me it's tough 
But I mantain to climb through it all
And I still manage to be Lil Wayne therefore I shine and I ball 
And dawg I live for today and hope and pray that there's a tomorrow 
And I borrow confidence from out my heart when thangs get awfall 
And I'm walkin on the edge stuck without a solution 
and someway I still pick it out and shuffle to conclusion 
And I don't need nobody so keep yo advice and jus dom it 
Cas ya'll cats don't really no me ya'll jus no bout me 
So if my dawgs be on my side they keep me combile with spirit 
And plus I know my fathers watchin and my mother's the dearest 
And I ain't neva said they don't appreciate what I do 
But jus know if I wasn't a man I wouldn't make it through 

(Chorus) - 2x 

[Verse 3]
Who would have known that this was somthin that didn't turn out so hectic 
But I chose my own life so I gradually accept it
I'm influenced and effected by the way it became 
And I don't play with them at all so I don't say its a game 
And even though I grew up hard and I have gracefully change 
I'm always street so I'll forever be facin a change 
And I'll keep this thang brutained on the waist of my pants 
And I demand respect from all if not then I'm waisten a man 
And if I want it then I get and if I need it I have it 
Take care of my family first plus the liquor and weed is a habit 
And I'm so often I'm congratulated for the succeced at last 
But when they turn they back I just have Jesus leadin my path 
And I didn't ask for you to like me I don't care if you hate me 
But don't mistake me no otha man can neva make me or break me 
Now you faithfully inspired by the hood tell I'm gone 
And I dawg I do believe I'm grown 
so I'll be good on my own but I be like 

(Chorus) fading.......Believe Dat [Wayne]
What, wha, wha, wha, wha
What, wha, wha, wha, wha
Cash Mo-ney Millionaires
So take it there

[Juvenile]
Yellow Viper, yellow Hummer, Yellow Benz
Yellow PT Cruiser, yellow 'Lac on rims
Drop yellow 'Vette and a platinum Rolls Royce
That's seven different cars, everyday I got a choice
On my way to pick up Joyce, she be makin me moist
Givin me head while she hummin, she can play with her voice
And she got nice thighs, a big plump ass
She could ride a dick too, make me cum fast
I like them modelin bitches, I love them swallowin bitches
Where them hoes headed at, I'm 'bout to follow them bitches (let's go)
I know you with your folks, but that nigga is broke
You might as well open your legs up and let a nigga poke
I'm a show you what it is not to be a window shopper
Mama you can have Fendi, mama you can have Prada
All you gotta do is break a nigga off proper
You could be with your man, I ain't tryna stop ya

[Chorus: Mannie Fresh]
(Shine) - From my head down to my shoes
(Shine) - Skiiiiirtin on twenty-two's
(Shine) - Check my baby mamma
(Shine) - Whip Rovers, not Hondas
(Shine) - I'ma spend it 'til it's gone
(Shine) - Don't know when I'm comin home
(Shine) - Pop X and drank Cris'
(Shine) - My life is the shit

[Lil Wayne]
And the name be fire Wayne, ice and change
You can catch me in an aqua range, squattin things
With them twenty-two inch chopper blades
Diamond face, diamond brace
More colors than the game Simon Says
Go, 'hind me
And mami on forty-fifth she told me "I'm a lez"
And she ain't like too much of dick 
but give the bombest head, and so I took it anyway
But bitch I got family, don't need your pussy anyway
OK, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin
All these karats like I'm a fuckin vegetarian
Niggas play, I bury them, y'all already knowin
I threw up my arm and bitches thought it started snowin
See I'm a keep it goin, Big Tymin, you heard's me?
Dog I got cake like everyday my birthday
Wait, don't think they heard me
I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday

[Chorus]

[B.G.]
I'ma Hot Boy, that's name brand and top of the line
Ride fly daily, all year 'round I shine
Ain't a nigga and they mama gonna stop me dog
Come through on dub-dueces, they jock me dog
Glock cocked for haters tryna block me dog
Catch 'em so low, they geezy, don't shock me dog
Well get the fuck, slide on out the way
And let B.G. ease down the shinin linen
Let the diamonds and the jewelry light shit up
Each piece of jewelry I own, I ice it up
You don't wanna put your vehicle next to us
'Cause all of our vehicles, we dress 'em up
With television, Dreamcast, DVDs
Nice sounds, buttons, it's twenties
I'm a Cash Money Hot Big Tymer nigga
That'll hold a pinky finger up and blind ya nigga

[Chorus]

[Turk]
I'm a stunt 'til I die, so you better respect it
Cause whoever try testin is gonna be restin
I'm a young millionaire, Hot Boy, Lil' Turk
Bling blingin everyday, plus I got work (bling)
Nigga like me stay in the cut twenty-four/seven
Steady stackin my ends on dubs, twenty-four/seven
Every car you wish you had, we got it, we got it
Bentleys, Hummers and Jags, big bodies, big bodies
Love to floss, no secret stun'ner's
Niggas steady baller block, can't take nothin from us
Young nigga, livin a life surrounded by ice
Hoes be like, "Damn, them boys, they're nothin nice"
They on fire, that must be them Hot Boys
You motherfuckin right, you think this not girl?
Better think twice, get it right dog
Know you recognize, we got it on lock for all

[Chorus] - 2x

[Mannie Fresh]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Huh uh (oh shit)
2001 - my life is the shit, know why?
(Lemme see that) {*Fresh sings a couple of vocables*}
I'm representing, I'ma spit it (bling)
As long as they make that shit - I'ma break that shit
Ya heard me?  It's like that; believe that
This year; fuck it - I said it befo' and I meant it
I'm buyin me a city
New Mannie, Louisiana - ya biaaatch yooou, ooohh!We gone make 'em:

[Chorus 2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump,
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump,
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

(Verse 1)
I tell 'em no lie
I blow by wit the Bentleys wit the O eyes
I low-ride, cuz these 20 inch rims just make it so hot
You know I, been had Twinkie, look at the pinky
And the link be all the way down to the nuts, diamonds twinklin'
They think you need to stop they say it's not called for
It's such a small car for it cost more than a ballpark
See my life is high priced, a lot a room a lot a bling
My ice is like Andrew Dice "Ba-Da-Boom, Ba-Da-Bing"
I'm tryin' to see flying in a Lamborghini 
Wit your girl right beside me in a tan bikini 
Cut the music down and tell her, "hey ya man's a weenie"
Plus I'm hot and got more iceberg than damn Bananeeie
And I'm just a teenager and I make this dough
Pull out my bankcard and Bill Gates feel broke
And I keep it on a hush but I'm richer than normal
And a frost bit wrist, have me sniffin and coughin

[Chorus 2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump,
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump,
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

(Verse 2)
You know, pistol on my side fully loaded
I drive slowly, wit televisions watching Kobe
Pull over by some broad; make her hop right in a blow me
And suck a nigga drive, then its, "slut get out my ride" 
Have you heard about, shorty be Iceberged out
Got them birds real affordable, so get the word out
And you still can see the grill wit the lights burn out
Nothin' lil' about the wheels on my bright orange drop
I'm thuggin and pimped out, flossin and glissed out
Sit my arm in warm water, I'm thawin my wrist out
Got quarters in this house, ki's in that van,
Got ounces in her ride, and G's in that bag
Shhh, You hear that, here come Weezy on his way in a platinum leer jet
We gamblin' nigga bet, bet nigga disrespect and he get dampled and wet
Whole goddamn family get trampled wit that
I make 'em:

[Chorus 2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive

Alright I bounce for the 17 and jump for the Grover
Just put TV's and bump in the Rover
Slump the bitch over, cum on her shoulder
Bet I make the slut eat it up like yogurt
Wrists is ferocious, dick just bogus
Fuck a hoe watch she come back like a chorus
Life on Ann Deloris met her in a ???
She like to snort coke, you should see the size of her nose is
We really the ones controllin', no choices
And we got Guns and Roses, Rolls Royces
Beefin' ain't fake, not to mention 
all our rides are dubbed like blank tapes
I really think my jewelry and lights have somethin' in common   
Cuz everytime you put them bitches on they start shinin'
The shit is mind blowin'
As a matter of fact I got a bitch that's mind blowin'
She give my head a blow job, I guess she's mind blowin'

[Chorus 3 1/2x]
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jive
Jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jump
Jiggy, jump, jiggy, jiggy, jump, jiggy, jump, jiveIt's gravy nigga. Believe it. 
You hot? Fuck it. Hot as a firecracker. 
(It's gravy too.) I got a mac in this bag. 
(click clock) What you got? Glock. (Look)

[Baby]
Nigga I'ma tell ya straight off the bat
I got a mac in this bag with 20 grams of crack
And I'ma sit in the back seat of yo' 'Lac
Just in case I gotta snap, a firette to the chest
If I don't know shit, I know cars and broads
I done ordered plenty hits and watched heads come off
And I done saw my nigga get life behind them bars
To them dog hoes, nigga, we scream "fuck 'em all!"
I hustle hard in these city streets
I got my block on fire with my HB's
Spinnin' Benz in these drop tops double r
Cook a brick, flip 'em up, now I got 'em hard
And you can find me 
Right up in them hallways, holdin' and totin'
Got the whole motherfuckin block loaded and smokin'
Nigga know one thang: its some uptown shit
If a nigga get it fucked, then we killin' a bitch

[Chorus]
Nigga I'ma tell ya this, straight off the bat
I got a mac in this bag, with 20 grams of crack
Well let's go nigga, see we can slide nigga
Cuz if you hot, then I'm hot, let's ride nigga
Look, I'ma tell you this, straight off the top
I got a blunt, and a glock, and a bag of rocks
Let's go nigga, let's slide nigga
If you hot, then I'm hot, let's ride nigga

[Lil Wayne]
Better pay attention now so you don't forget later
I run the damn block, I oversee all of the paper
Don't make me take ya, play ya
I cock the glock and spray ya
Call it a caper, won't be no as-salama-laka
And J, he got the gauges, they cocked and ready
Make me run up in ya places and pop ya daddy
Got them bricks rocked and heavy, let it be known
I cook it hard and cut 'em in zones and the money be gone
Then I hit a blunt to the dome, and ride when night falls
Supply the white raw, if there's a problem, knock ya wife off
Lock the spot down
Respect it young nigga, I'm creepin' over
Now cut it with just a little bakin' soda, breakin' boulders
I take it out my holster and bakin' soldiers whenever
Nigga it's whatever, tell ya ma to call the reverend
You see me on the block with crack, gats, and weed
Rats, plats, and ki's, that's practically me

Chorus

[Lil Wayne]
See I'm a hustler, cut-throat, put rhymes in mom's muffler
You can't even count how many times the 9's bust at ya
Some of the, niggas that you run with are, suckas bruh
None of ya, won't leave, without some bullets up in ya
Niggas can't hold me down, wodie wild
Cuz all that they can hear is loud screamin' and explosive sounds
They show me how to cook that brown and rock that white
No school, put that book back down, pick up that knife
See that's the real reason I hate to be on tour
I'd rather be back on the block with a bird of that pure
Niggas got it all wrong, thinkin' I'm all song
But yall gon' twist it and end up all gone
Dog-gone cocksuckers, you not thuggers
I pop dozens of glocks, cousins, in my struggle
So stop frontin', it ain't gon' get ya everywhere
I'ma start bustin', and bullets hit ya everywhere

Chorus x 2

[Baby talks till end]* send corrections to this typist

Biznite.Biznite..Nothing but it 

I'm dippin' in a black milleny benny sittin on twentys 
Top off when the city's windy me and pretty Cindy 
She dressed up in pretty Fendi and she sippin remy 
I'm Iceburg nuttin but whenny all the way to my tinny 
I'm hotter than a semi' 'cause this skirt shes wearing mini 
and plus my head is spinnin from drinkin this fifth of Henny
I stop at any deli cause this freakin with her penny 
and aint no tellin how many she 'umm already been in. 
We get inside the room and she gigglin plain grinnin 
Slowly the lights dimmin and I'm slippin on my jimmy 
I'm feelin with her titties this is only the beginnin 
I stick it in her kitty now she screamin come on gimme 
I'm flippin this chick over and I caught her slowly bendin 
I'm hittin got her twistin this is my ninny you hear me 
And when its time to quit I got her soakin wet and drippin 
She asked me for a kiss    ah.. 

CHORUS 
Biznite is you trippin 
Biznite is you trippin 
What 
Biznite is you trippin 
What 
Biznite is you trippin 
He  he  he  Wha.. 
You nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite 
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite 
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk 
if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa 
nope I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
no I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
nope I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
if your baby come out saying wha.. I aint the pa 

I ride up in a Porsche Boxter see this fox her name was Tasha 
I got her when I stopped her at McDonalds with her partner 
I jocked the way she rocked her lil Versasce and her Prada 
I'm Iceburg (??)
I jot her my phone number later on gave me a holla 
I popped up by her mamas so her nigga wont know nada 
She took thirty minutes play me like a some kinda coward 
Now hopped up in my car and started talkin bout her doctor 
She said she started ridin it in her babys fathers Honda 
She wish that he would trade it in and cop a brand new Mazda 
I'm drivin to the (??) to the back and put the top up 
I roll down all the windows put the car in function "watch the" 
I tried to touch her thigh she moved my hand and said ah ah bro 
It took five minutes to bang then you know she propper 
I'm knockin out her brains 
We got the car shakin' and rocklin' 
She asked me for a kiss   ah 

CHORUS 
Biznite whats your problem 
Wha.. 
Biznite whats your problem 
Wha.. 
Biznite whats your problem 
Wha 
Biznite whats your problem 
Wha 
You nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite 
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite 
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk 
if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa 
nope I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
no I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 

there was this stoofy name was Lucy came up to me at the movies 
said she just saw Balla Blockin and thought that I was cute 
and but you and baby too can still come over early Tuesday 
I just bought a new mansion just finished it and my movie 
I knew she was a new from head to shoulder she was Gucci 
And me I'm Iceberg Tom and Jerry, Daffy and Goofy 
She say "oo" it would be so nice and usually she would do it 
But lately she been cocky she just came from institution 
I say that's cool cuz I don't really wanna have to shoot him 
I gave the braud the pager number and said that she should use it 
As soon as I flew by in that navy and baby blue six 
She beeped and left a message that she come up with a solution 
I scootin a run through straight to my house I wont be foolish 
She had no bathin suit and then want me to see her booty 
I oozed it in her coochie when she got in my Jacuzzi. 
She asked me for a kiss  ah. 

Biznite is you stupid 
Biznite is you stupid 
what 
Biznite is you stupid 
What he he he what 
Because your nothin but a sack chasin cock tastin biznite 
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite 
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk 
if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa 
nope I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
no I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
no I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
if your baby come out saying wha.. I aint the pa 
you're a sack chasin cock tastin biznite 
Your never gonna amount to anythin but a biznite 
'cuz all I wanna do is hit it raw I don't even wanna talk 
if your baby come born with braids I aint the pa 
nope I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
no I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
nope I aint the pa 
hell no I aint the pa 
if your baby come out throwin up "W"'s I aint the pa nigga. 
UMMMMM 
UMMMMM 
I aint the pa [Intro]
Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it 
Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it
Act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it

Verse 1: Lil Wayne 

You know them hoes love Weezy
Say he cute, small, long hair, big dick
Weezy bring to y'all
Don't y'all lip quit 
Put your lips on this dick
Let me get on some livin'
Spit all over ya chin
Weezy be on some pimp shit
I see 'em, peep 'em, meet 'em, beep 'em
Later on if she ride
G 'em, freak 'em, by the weekend she be fuckin' the squad
I ain't got no loves for broads, I ducks and dodge 
I grab 'em, on they butts and all
She fucks my dog, slut sucks nuts and all, and nothin' small
This dick make 'em hit the floor and touch the wall
Call my hoes defensive linemen, cuz they rush the balls
Let Weezy bust they jaws
Never have no picks and chooses
Cuz I hits and lose 'em
And go to the hotel and switch for ruggy
Like a hot, spicy, fire, project girl ta duck wit me
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck wit me 

Chorus: Lil Wayne & B.G.

[Lil Wayne]
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe
Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit

[B.G.]
A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall
Get naked, show me some 
Tear that dick down bitch, start all over again
And bungee jumpin'

[Both]
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta bend ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it

Verse 2: B.G.

That's right, act a fool bitch
Do what you do hoe
After I finish don't get up gotta let Weezy go
You get your props your pussy fire, girl you a pro
So when I'm speakin' I'm creepin' and come get some mo'
You better recognize, you better realize
This is the nigga Geezy, I ain't nothin' nice
Love when you reach out grab, stuff it straight your mouth
Start suck it 'til that middle come out
Ride me (ride me), put that dick inside you (inside you)
After that wiggle your ass and make that juice move
I'ma donkey (donkey), better yet a veteran (veteran) 
At the same time I can fuck you and your best friend
The Number 1 Stunna, Baby you wit me
Pump in my head - never let a bitch play me
Always get the tec nigga fuck 'em all
Wrap a chain 'round ya neck and walk it like a dog

Chorus: Lil Wayne & B.G.

[Lil Wayne]
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe
Ya gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit

[B.G.]
A c'mon, Tear it down, catch the wall                 
Get naked, and show me somethin'
Put that dick down bitch, start fuckin'
And bungee jumpin'

[Both]
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it

Verse 3: Lil Wayne

See now when Lil Wayne put that dick down
Biznites can't even walk or even sit down
Wipe your mouth off and let me hit now
That Rum got me feelin' real good
The dick hard like real wood
I put it in slow and work it real good
This Lil nigga have a lot a sex
So do me slow, get out the Prada dress
Come when you wanted to like private jets
I'm on blast ma', why you take it slower than its fast time
Flip ya back over, make that ass right
Weezy make ya suck it then taste
That's how the pimp play
Make her friend eat me in this bitch up like shrimp plates
Bounce in the club rollin' on X, eyes pitch black
I got 2 more 'nites is you wit that
Fuck it let's go, when we pop out Lil Moe 
Drop the top part of the 'Dro
Later on I'm touchin' the throat, bare wit it 
Where them hot girls that like that nasty shit
Make'em act a ass wit it, back ya ass wit it

Chorus: Lil Wayne & B.G. 

[Lil Wayne]
Titty bop, drop it like it's hot
Make it fall slow
Now walk wit me, shake a leg, catch the wall hoe
Ya Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit
Ya Gotta back ya ass wit, act a ass wit

[B.G.]
A c'mon, tear it down, catch the wall
Get naked, show me some 
Tear that dick down bitch, then start fuckin' 
And bungee jumpin'

[Both]
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it
Ya gotta back ya ass wit it, act a ass wit it

(*Repeat 'til end*)[Lil Wayne]
Check
Huh
What?
What?
Let's go, nigga (Where you at, Wheezy?)

You liable to catch me speedin' up the six, or beatin' up a chick
or standin' over a stove, sweatin', heatin' up a brick
And we keep the hustlin' slick, and got clips like bananas
We twist the bandanas, and spit at niggas with cannons
We ran in habitats with masks and plastic gats
Stormin' through the house, screamin', "Where's this bastard's crack?!!"
I flash the mack in front of your gal and make her tell
Like, "Slut! Where's the yay, or I'ma pop one in your grill!"
It's Lil Wayne, nigga - blast and bang triggas
Pay with my change, then I'm gon' have to bang niggas
I bag the caine quicker, and sprinkle like rain, nigga
Flood the av quick with the quarters and halves, nigga
If you out, you can find me on the street with the work
If it's a drought, you can find me on the street with the work
Never slip - I empty half a clip deep in your shirt
And put your whole clique deep in the dirt
Smell me?

(Hook-2x [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

[Lil Wayne]
Look
I'm the youngest Hot Boy on the field with heaters
Let my nine-millimeters kill your peoples
Bust up in your house and put the gun to lil' Renita
Give me the yay, or else I'ma put her in her sneakers
Wow (wow, wow) you can catch me in all black with no smile
Me, Turk, Geezy, and 'Nile - chicka-POW!
How come these niggaz keep burnin the world?
and why the hell this nigga Wheezy keep firmin your girl?
Turnin the wheel on the orange and teal Bentley drop
Then I'ma put that up and hop in the van and hit your block
Tell your mom to get the cops cause y'all gon' need 'em
When you see them bullets that my glock pop, y'all gon' eat 'em
See this for all my niggaz in the pen, I hope for freedom
And this for all my niggaz buyin bricks, I got 'em cheaper
Keep a nigga quiet as a mouse when I come
Wayne #1 Hot Boy, hot as the sun - ya smell me?

(Hook [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
And when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
'cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

[Lil Wayne]
Nasty case, nigga run up in your crib, crash the place
Mask the face, automatic attach to waist
You bastards play?  Then it get awful and bad
There will be no more walkin for dad, and it's off with your head
And they gon' either get it right, or they get it at night
And when they spit, it lick his ass twice like 20 damn dice
Henny and ice is what I prefer, but light on the rocks
I pack them clips tight on them glocks and light up your block
And if there's coke involved, then your throat's involved
I get the toaster and roll up and smoke most of y'all
Me and my nigga, Super Sosa, run up in your crib
while your grandma watchin Oprah, jag her up and rope her
If you wan' grudge, chances slim like Ethiopia
If you want drugs, I got more flavors than Fruitopia
Recognize it's real and nuttin udder than that
Cause one from the mac'll have blood coverin your back, ha?

(Hook-4x [Lil Wayne])
Who wan' beef with 'em?
Who wan' creep with 'em?
'cause when it comes down to guns, nigga, I sleep with 'em
See, we can sweep with 'em 'cause it get deep with 'em
And when it comes down to drugs, I'm on the streets with 'em

[Lil Wayne]
Who wan' beef with a nigga? Creep with a nigga?
When it comes down to guns, look, I sleep with them triggas

Uh oh
Uh oh
Look
Listen

[Verse 1]
Now watch me break em up
Tape em up
Gun up in his face
I be like straighten up
Do make me bust
Run up in this place
I put my K to her and Uzi to him
I woosy from gin
Like shut up or get two to your chin
You and your friend ??? how they do it in the pen
I'm kinda off
The 90 sparks give a damn bout your car
I'm behind the tips of the Excursion
Drunk and swervin'
Your mom was twerkin
Don't be jerkin in the middle of ???
I heard he got the murders so I'm going to get 'em
His boys are trippin so now I got his ma and children
Plus I slid inside tha back of A
96 Acura
Click-Clack and A
Black automatic Cataca
Bitches got me rataca
Pistols out to damage ya
I swear i'll have this broads brains over the Avena
Mario and Samua
Screamin' man blast her brah
Now you reall askin fa
A motherfuckin massaca
WHAT!

Chorus: Baby, (Lac)

Put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up
Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up

(Nigga if you got lets continue to deal)
(If you move twenty birds I consider you real)

Put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up
Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up
I, put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up
Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up

(Nigga if you got lets continue to deal)
(If you move twenty birds I consider you real)

What, put it on the streets and let em cook up and wiegh up
Put it on his ass if he don't hook up then pay up[Hook]
Bright thing on my hand saying (Look at me)
I got your girl doing a handstand (Look at me)
Cop them 28-inch Birdman's (Check out me)
Y'all dudes money too young
Bright thing on my hand saying (Look at me)
I got your girl doing a handstand (Look at me)
Cop them 28-inch Birdman's (Check out me)
Big thighs with brown-eyes

[Verse 1]
It's Lil Weezy for real
Only Cash Money Hot Boy that stood still
I got a good deal
I'm from a trill hood
I smoke real good
Slide on them skinnies in the bike with an ill hood
Pipes, rally stripes and fog lights
T-shirt white, three stripes with all ice
What that boy name
Birdman Jr., huh
Four was mild but five is so wild
I can smoke a green mile
Got a chrome need a Rolls shined up for you baby
Bling-blow, I rock a throwback Jordan 23
Rolling on hot 23's
Tote a big glock 23
You're looking at the seventeen ward of New Orleans
My block living me
I want you to look hard at some easy money
Stop playing this is Weezy company
Uh-huh

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'm the son of Cash Money
The fodd of the squad
And Baby bout to buy me a house in the sky
Cuz I'm so fly
When my feet touch the ground sometimes I gotta ask myself why
Coupe kinda wide but I move sorta quick
Looking for my roof where it went
Mink on the floor big shoes on the bed
Windows are the tint more wood than a bench
Working in the hood more green than the Grinch
Please don't play cuz I'm connected like Sprint
Ladies on the tray popping up the back-end
Peppermint leather with a feather in my brim
It's Lil Weezy
Sucking on my wrist real breezy
And this is what I say when you see me
Look, and leave your broad at home she get took
Cuz I'm a player hold the game by the book

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Some call me Weezy
But hoes holla look at Lil Wayne
In that booger-green lay like should've been Mace
Sweet, do speak when I should've put trays
Forget it I'ma slam it on bubba-bubba-blaze
So move over what you say shortie
We could do rent pussy
Normally I wouldn't but beating through the Texas
And beating went to the A
Eat with Jazze Pha
But yeah I'm on my way
Cuz I know he got that hay
Hey little mami
You a ghetto fire tin
You come to my post on the island
Come on that chronic
He-he empty vodka bottles
I be high he be drunk that my roll model
I rolls by you with my seat reclining
When I stop rims don't keep spinning they keep shining
Money don't stop keep spinning and keep grinding
Cash Money what you hollering, huh

[Hook][Intro: Mannie Fresh]
Look right here, this how we gon do this
Hook up the turn tables, whoof get on the keyboard
And we gon run this for you, ya heard?
Yeah, check it out

[Female]
Cash Money...
Cash Money...
Cash Money...
Cash Money...

[Lil Wayne]
Ay, let me slide in the Benz with the fished-out fins
Hit the mall wit my girlfriends dish out ends
Cause you know it ain't trickin if you got it
Copped baby girl what she desired 
It's chump change ma, marijuana scholar 
Know'n what I got up in my styrafoam cup - that purple stuff
It was given to me at birth to stun
So that's why I cop the Bentley with the leather and the furry cups

[Baby]
Hey, hold on mami them whips on dubs
Cadillac Truck, 28's, no rubs
Slide in the Benz, fins, bubble-eyed lens
Car show in New York, y'all know who wins
It's the Birdman daddy, with the Gucci Prada
Slant back Cup Truck, no rims - can't holla
It's that Louie Fendi on Ostrich streets
It's the tailor-made daddy, mami do you love me?

[Chorus: TQ]
Baby, I'm a stunna
I ain't gon change it
Don't.. you.. know.. it's a way of life?
Mami, do you want it?
Cause I'm about to bring it
Oh baby, can't stop the stun, no, no

[Baby]
Pop one, pop two with the new Nike shoes
Royal blue jag on 'em 22's
Slippers, white to breate, 500 Degreez
In that Cadillac Truck on 'em 23's
I'm the boss of the game with the money and fame
All these, naked women that pop champagne
And these, marble floors stay high as Rick James
If you know my name then you know my game

[Lil Wayne]
It's Lil' Whodi from the Hot Block where seris flow
Gotta get dough, cha'll won't feel me broke
But, y'all don't hear me though
Til I'm rolling down my window where my grill is show
And you know I probably pump it through the hood on them 24's
Word, rims poking out the side of the err
Glock, have ya ribs poking out the side of your shirt 
I'm a 17 nigga and I ride through the turf

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Hey, and my pinky glow cause my rings is so...
Blingy blingy, yo stop blinking though
We smoke stinky stinky dro
And we don't cop them incy wincy o's
And we don't stop, nah, we blow
Fuck the pee-ple
Everywhere we go we smell like ick yo
Birdman, my Paw so that make me go.. fly like an eagle, fasheezy

[Baby]
See they think cause I stay English turn
That stunna don't ever OZ to burn
I go in each sto' and ball like a dog
Me and my niggs ball like a dog
Cars on my streets, all on the lawn
Ice in my teeth, all on my arm
Tats in my face, my back and my arm

[Lil Wayne]
Tats in my face, my back and my arm

[Chorus]

[Outro: Mannie Fresh]
Yo, there it is, ya lil' low life
See, I'm a professional - you a rookie
Fuck, a game so serious I could sell a hooker some pussy
That's some serious shit
Oh yeah, believe that
Who we rollin wit?
We rollin wit Cash Money
Oh, I forgot about peace - Peace!
I mean.. piece of pussy, piece of land, piece of property
Just a mind game
Piece of mind, ya know
Piece of something, motherfucker!* send corrections to the typist

[Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and gentlemen
This one goes out to that little kid that got fried Spam for lunch
I feel for you, I'm with you, I'm with you brother
And this one right here is for that ghetto girl with the bad perm
That just burn baby, burn baby, burn
Pop open a malt liquor
Smoke something until your scalp gets killed

[Hook x2]
Gangstas and pimps
Love lobsters and shrimps
Kool-Aid and chicken
Flashy things and women
All I need
Is Remy and weed
Somebody not afraid
To go some for my Escalade

[Lil Wayne]
I'm just pimping
Baby you got a rule for me
Put your mink on and slide in a cool for me
Hey you gotta get high and go low for me
It's Cash Money young money never know money
It's 500 Degreez it's not fool
But it and the dro got me so scummy
And to drum hole a whole hundred
Can I put a whole hundred in your whole tummy
Hehe, man Weezy's a legend
You can tell by the bottom of my sleeve when you see what's in a bezel
And he be on a level that's so terrific
I'm in this bitch hold your pictures
And hold your bitches cuz she gon want a part of me
Cuz she never see the roof of my car with me
And you never see a tooth without a diamond on it
This is game at its finest homie
Peep it

[Hook]

[Baby]
See I was born from a gangsta
Pa gave me a whip
Ran numbers with pimps and I laid down cents
One of a kind Birdman I shine
22's on it?
The bitch ain't mine
I taught her the game ma
I gave it all to her
Weezy Wee my son I give it all to him
[Lil Wayne]
The Birdman junior I'm the son of a stunna

[Baby]
Mannie Fresh
Jazze Phezzy this our summer
500 Degreez got rich off the four
Cadillac slant back cut side elbow
Cadillac smoke dro just me and the ho
Flash from hard times from that coke and dope
Put cars in moms name just to duck white folks
We eat lobster and shrimp
Nigga park that Lambo
I'm a V.I.P. nigga
Pop bottles of Mo
I pray that one day I'll open a better door

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Ain't no mountain high enough
To me for cuz I keep on buying fi-fi stuff
And the Eastside where we pump
It's my part of New Orleans
Bleed for ya I'm the heart of New Orleans
Hear you're fucking with a gangsta foe
Hope you never close your eyes I'll bang your ho
All she need is some guidance I'll tame your ho
It's big pimping over here man yeah man
If she looking for a daddy see the lil man
Weezy baby, don't fool yourself you need me baby
Easy baby, I'm just trying to keep my bread cheesy baby
Slick when I spit shit right
26-inch got a deep-dish ma
Sweet as mami lips when I'm creeping by
Baby gave me wings just to keep me fly
Weezy I, hell yeah
And I'm rolling with them

[Hook x2]* send corrections to the typist

[Verse 1]
I love myself
I love what I am
I love who I is
I love Weezy
Lil girl your man your damn kids love Weezy
You gotta love the nigga just because other nigga
And I don't love other niggaz
But I love other niggaz bitches
I love 20-inches on everything I sit in
I love my nappy hair
I love the shit I wear
You gotta love the squad-ad girl
If she ain't giving love to the whole squad-ad
Get outta here
You people love the shit I pop in your ear
You gon love the shit I do to hip-hop this year
You gonna love when I bring it back to the block this year
I represent the Biggie and 'Pac era; you gotta love me
That I know ma love me just cuz I got a lot of money
But I love that girl too, but I love that girl too
I let y'all know me and I would love to know you
Now come on

[Hook x2]
Everything that I love in this world
Has gotta be the greatest thing in this world if I love it
Cuz, I love this, I love that, I love y'all because
Everything in this world is just love

[Verse 2]
I know you probably love the bar, right
You love to live that big dog life
You love to live just like a young'n Weezy by here
And I love to see you do so
I love my Coupe blow on them deuce-o's
I love a cute ho and you probably love her all right, girl
He probably love you all your life I love you all night, girl
I love an all white pearls
Six with the two pipes barrel kit
I love to get it cracking in your girl lips
I love to sip from bill
I love to go hard purp-pill
You love that I'm a star and got that work still
Don't get it fucked because I love to work still
And you won't love how the hurt feel
How getting mirked feel
And I love how getting hurt feel
I know you love I got some of it on your shirt ee-yew
I need to treat you
As a matter fact I love to cheat you
Don't call me cool
Hey, you love me and I love to love you

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
I love fast cars
I love fast broads
I love fast money
I love Cash Money
I love a slow cigar
I love a slow mnage
What you love blower hard
Let's get it cracking money
I love to stack my money
You will love to jack my money
I love to clap-clap and black-black get back here honey
I love act a plumb-ass when I had a tall glass
And that bust your ass in one gulp
I love to shit talk
You love to hear me talking shit on this
When Fresh dropping that nasty shit
That old uptown get down CMB classic shit
I like to ride around with a plastic fifth
I love to melt ya
I love them underground S-Q albums
Haters love to get you twisted
But I love the haters cuz haters just love twisted
Them bitches love Weezy
My bitch gon love me when I'm busy
With T-Rez fleece suit is Jayo nothing busy
Squad up

[Hook x4]* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne talking]
Uh-oh, uh-oh
You know how we do it
Weezy and Petey, baby
Ya'know
This here is 500 Degreez
Holla at 'em dogg

[Petey Pablo]
Cuz I know I ain't dreaming
I swear to God it sound like Petey Pablo on that track with Lil Weezy
Switching it up
Fuck it put them things on the truck
What's the name of y'all jeweler tell 'em freeze me up
Hating me kinky licks talking so much
Lemme give these sons of bitches a reason to keep it talking
You want to
You ain't built to squabble with us
I come to your show with heat homes and run on your bus
I drink your water up
Cool off I'm leaving with something
They leaving you something crop stolen
An asshole heard it
Hip on purpose
Dre I did what you told me
I been acting like I don't hear ya but that shit been working
Keep me a burner
Poison that I grab in the morning
Cuz I know that that's what's gon hold me down on this earth
A real nigga trill nigga pull out and get debated
I keep waiting
I hear your name in the papers

[Hook][Lil Wayne & Petey Pablo]
They call me young as Weezy
I'm gon round up the whole uptown
We gon burn this bitch down to the ground
People understand that you're fucking with some motherfucking soldiers
Crazy-ass Petey
I'ma tell a nigga just like this
If you want it boy you sure can get it
You ain't heard
It's Cash Money and that Carolina nigga

[Lil Wayne]
They call me gangsta gangsta
Weezy, Weezy
Lil Birdman junior
Holla at ya nigga
I fuck around and throw a bottle at you nigga
I'ma big pimp I throw a model at you nigga
Squad-ad squad up throw up the motto at you niggaz
You can mind up I throw a hollow at you nigga
And I'm so high
No I'm too high
But a little work on a few blocks
And I put a few skirts on a few blocks
If you dirt you feel the burst from my fuse box
Oh lordy there nobody like me shortie
I hold Cash Money myself it's me money
Old cats wants to test come see shortie
I got it all hot it in the pocket I'll pop it
I riding in a 'Rarri where the top is in my pocket
That's young Weezy baby

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
You see it's young Wayne
Game is ashamed and they say he's a pain
He is crazy deranged
Put them blades on his thing
Just like 80 to summer
So, when the sun hit it look like Baby or something
So, when I come through the ladies praise me or something
Like, Weezy's the man
If you be's where he be's then you leaves with a tan
Cuz he's 500 Degreez
I need a fan, whew
Cool me off wipe me down
Daddy is back in town
With the back of my Caddy slanted down
And the mack goes +black+ if you ask around
Put some hash in that grass that you pass around
Then I stash a pound by my ave with rounds
I'm a gangsta until they put my casket down
You can ask around
And they tell you like me
There ain't nobody like me
It's Weezy baby

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne talking]
Aiiyo see this is right here is Young Weezy nigga
Don't get it tangled and twisted
I'm in the studio right now nigga
With my boy
My nigga Boo in this bitch
My nigga hot boy album ya'know what I mean
500 Degreez
They all riding with ya boy
Fi-Fi
They gotta feel me
Birdman junior, number one stunna my partner
You know the name, bitch[Verse 1]
The streets make the hustlas
Hustlas make the world go round
The world is made of keys, ounces and pounds
The keys, ounces and pounds is made from hustlas
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta cop it, chop it and cook it
See how shit come back round for ya
Gotta kick in the oven now watch it bubble
And you can knock on my door
But you can't knock the hustle
But I- it's like a game of twenty-one and I got nineteen
And my Jake but I put more 'd' on me
Lil Weezy Wee gon eat that's how it is
Got insurance on the floor man I'm that positive
And I'm shaggy in the saggy lens
Me an my squad in the paddy wagon tally Benz
And you know I put the mags on that
.45 mack with the flash on that
Who want it
Everybody sing along

[Hook x2]
Now I'ma ride cuz I got riding in my bloodline
And I'ma shine cuz I got shining in my bloodline
I get that dough cuz I got hustle in my bloodline
I bleed concrete

[Verse 2]
And when I move, I move out with the raw
I move out with the squad
To his album we ride we so mob
I throw lives and lowest to live
For my loaf of bread the people's player
I did what the culture said
And I live by the coast of Nostre Cid
Fuck around I'll knock your shoulder from your head
Get it right I'm a soldier till I'm dead
This kid is white with buttonholes inside that bled
I'm pumping o's with lots of hay
I'm so high and really I don't even know why
And oh I just go buy a whole house
And lay my mat down lay her back down
But I never put my mack down
You see the thug in me
You know Weezy he the young son of Bubba-B
Buy my basketball shorts with a thunder B
If you want it then come to me
I'm right here

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3]
I'm G'd up
Only follow the code of the streets
Live bad to die good
Know how to move when hustling by the days with no food
But just so I can eat
And ain't it a bitch
And if you see me getting fat I'm probably getting rich
And you probably can see me for some crack before six
And after that it's all bricks
A fake and my palm is wrapped around this eight
And my arm because the dirty south is straight Vietnam
I skate with the bomb
I'm asking you don't play with me at all
Shots hit your ass and make three of y'all
It'll take three of y'all to fill one of my shoeprints
Cuz I did and do shit that's better than new shit
Fit for two clips
The kid is a nuisance
Awww man, he's inspired by his own gangsta music
And the Blueprint
Cruising through stoop with the ewe lit
like ooh shit this is more than weed, it's 500 Degreez

[Hook x2]* send corrections to the typist

[CHORUS]
All my niggaz if you with me 
Where you at? (OH!)
All my soldiers if you with me
Where you at? (OH!)
All my hustlaz if you with me
Where you at? (OH!)
Where you at? (OH!)
Where you at? Say (OH!)
Niggaz if you with me 
Let me hear you say (OH!)
Soldiers if you with me
Let me hear you say (OH!)
Hustlaz if you with me 
Let me hear you say (OH!)
Say, say (OH!)
Say, say (OH!)

Aye (OH!)
I come and do my thang and hold down my SIDE
Single Street man throw my set up HIGH
Weezy Wee gang call them boys that SQUAD
That Squad...SQUAD UP! YOU KNOW
And WE get a lot of dough on the strength of ME
Get a lot of 'dro for the strength of FEE
Get a lot of blow
But keep that on the D
D what?...DL! YOU KNOW
And OH you don't wanna fuck with a nigga
'Cuz a nigga might fuck with the trigger
Leave a nigga on the FLO'
Truly I don't buck with you nigga
Let my tooly talk talk to you nigga
Bitch man is an itch to a rich man WHOA
'20s on the six with the kicks sitting LOW
Sticky in my swish man gasoline FLO'
Fire spit man Weezy is about to BLOW
YA KNOW!

[CHORUS]

Aye (OH!)
Pass the pine to the pimp old juice killer
Catch your eye in one glimpse old school with the
Ass up high the front dip drip BAM
Mami like DAMN Lil' Wayne STOP PLAYING
Baby I'm a baller I hustle with my father
It's the Birdman and Birdman J.R.
Flip them birds man eighteen grand just order
Eighty-five for half and forty-five for quarter
YEAH! Tity baby put it in the AIR
I'm jumping out this atmoSPHERE 
And I'm jumping in your bitch if she at a PLAYER
Jumping in the painted thing on that Dang-A-Dangs
You see the arm when I pass nigga Bling-A-Ling
You now I'm armed we can mash man it Aint-A-Thing
You know I'm calm but I'm a gorilla Aint-A-Game
I got a banana clip for all you Orang-A-Tangs
LET'S BANG!

[CHORUS]

Aye (OH!)
It's young Weezy cant nothing see me DOG
I get you done easy with one easy phone call
And the sawed off make your arms fall off
Like a short sleeved polo...wont bother me no more
Ice like strobe light...look like I'm moving slo mo'
Probaly look nice on low pro Yokahomas
With '20 inch chromes poking out 'em
Chrissy till the dome tote the ganja 
Redbone in the shower
Hello! Pochahontas give a long stroke poke for hours
Floating vagina oh I'ma holla
So coke and the nanies I'm honest man
Nothing big maybe ounces, grams
But I know how to double...and sometimes it's scams
But I know to hustle...and some glocks'll jam
But I know how to bust'em...and some drops'll slam
All alloy buttons that's all stunting 
That boy's something YEAH

[CHORUS]* send corrections to the typist

[Hook]
You gotta walk like a (soldier)
Talk like a (stunna)
Move like a (player)
And get it like a (hustler)
You gotta walk like a (soldier)
Talk like a (stunna)
Move like a (player)
And get it like a (hustler)
Because I won't let y'all worry me
I got something chrome that I carry with me
It's Young Weezy Wee y'all ain't scaring me
I'm the seventeen don till they bury me

[Verse 1]
Eh, it go whoa oh me oh my ay ay
I'm H-O-T-B-O-Y ay ay
I'm so fly I'm the Birdman Jaya
Stunting in the gray uh
Shortie play your player
Slick clean hey ya
Fifteen riding with me spray ya
You don't want no drama with me play fa
Keep low or it's murda she wrote pussy nigga
I gotta keep it cooking cuz the streets still hot for a shooking
Plus my late pops still looking
Bust my tray quick if ya hate the pimp
Think it's all big fish I don ate the shrimp
Roll out with the hood cuz I'm so damn street
I rep Hollygrove and Hollygrove rep me
And that's how Weezy Wee be
And y'all gon R-E-S-P-E-C-T me

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'm riding and I'm dolo on my way to the stizzo
Knowing on my waist is the sizzo
Wheezy so hot glock ten and a pistol
Big rims with the tires thin as a pencil
Mami want me cuz I got pimping potential
I stick to my mental
Don't make me stick my fifth to your temple
Forget I'm getting rich for a cent
Bitch I'm coming get you for my baby mama's rent I will flip you
90 on the highway seeing what the whip do
Cops get behind me they want see the whip too
S-Q professor C-M-B alumni
Everybody else fails except the young guy
Don't worry bout Weezy for real nigga I done mine
Got the biggest nuts up in here nigga I swung mine
The streets taught me never to fear nigga I run mine
I can't lose cuz I won mine
Now run yourself

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I got five drinks with me
And there be four chunks of dro up in my lung pipe
Three guns
Two bitches
And all I need is one knife
And I bet you don't like
C'mon we only get one life
And if it's done right
Freak a nigga might wife her
You know S-Q galore low chop three striper
I'm just trying to keep paper
Please, don't be a hater cuz he'll take ya Weeze
Don't be a major cuz he greater
Cheese gon feed Nate
Brother it's keys or emceeing
And I'm a C-O-A cuz I can move yay
Like you never thought hard or soft like a duck
And y'all don't starve me
That shit could be bad for your heartbeat
Cash'll get you snatched in a heartbeat
Mash in a mad dash in a Cadillac with the alligator dashboard
Damn whore
Yeah I know

[Hook][Lil Wayne talking]
It's the real shit, yeah
500 Degreez this time biotch
Yes sir, you already know

[Lil Wayne verse 1]
You see me? I eat, sleep, shit, and talk snaps; so fuck rap
Man I got weed, pills, pistols, all crack
Bitch niggas where ya hearts at?
Ya'll ain't stuntin' like us
Bitch niggas where ya cars at?
They like, "Wayne why the fuck you dressed in all black?"
I'm about to bring CMR back
And all the lames, we done lost that
And all we got is Weezy, Weezy, and Lil' Weezy to fall back
I'm about to lock it from the summer to the fall and back
"Its Weezy baby!" The ballers back
And the wheels on my car you got all of that
Stop playing, I've been balling jack
You don't want my glock spraying - I hit all them cats
You don't want my stomach ache - I shit on them cats
I get all them gats - Fresh and B it's all a rap!
If I'm the only Hot Boy what do you call that?

[Chorus]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy

[Lil Wayne]
Bitch what? I'll bust ya ass up
Don't even go there round
Niggas get your cash up
We probably need to clash up
And shit got me 'bout ass up
They finding niggas in they shit with they ass up
It ain't October 31st but we gone mask up - and guess what
And I heard they got a nice chain
And for the right price I'll bust the right brain
And mommy hot cause pull up in that white thang
Yo nigga might be fly but I still get trifling
Riding through the city just me and my friend
Friday night special, professional tight aim
A gangsta is who you hearing
Me in my building with 20 bricks in the ceiling
I'm more real than, I got more scrill than
Got more skill than them there
I'm a Cash Money Millionaire

[Chorus]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Hot, Hot, Hot Boy

[Lil Wayne]
Baby let me get the keys to the rover
No, let me get the keys to the house in Eastover
So I can throw a 500 Degreez platinum party, then the after party
Me and my Squad stomping in this bitch, fuck a Kappa party
Don't go to rapper parties - I'm no rapper man
But when the homies come home we throw a monster jam
And all my people tote chrome - we some monsters man
We gone mob to the promise land
I bought big - I'm a Tymer man
Son of a Stunna - still a girl fuck with a hustler!
Weezy keep it gutter for ya Baby Bubba
Baby blue Mercedes Coupe - Got it bullet proof
Make me shoot my 80 duke at your fucking roof
You're fucking with a big dog, nigga fucking woof
Mr. S-Fucking-Q - I'm the fucking truth
Three stripes, baby nice, lot of ice fucking ooohf!
That's 500 Degreez!

[Chorus]
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
You don't want to fuck with Weezy
Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy, Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Hot, Hot, Hot Boy
Bitch get your mind right, Bitch get your mind right* send corrections to the typist

[Verse 1]
It's H-B Weezy Wee off the streets
Stay deep 'Cedes Jeep big feet
Gazer seats hold the bare floors
I faithfully hold to pimp whores
You ate with me and you gon get yours
This eight with me that's bullets through doors
Got haze in me now I'm so tall
Come blaze with me cuz Beaky got more
And now or later I'm major player
I ball right I need an agent player
Ay ma you tight you need to page a player
That's so tonight you can taste a player
I got the burner on the waist if you flinching
My shit turning on 28-inches
My shit burning like 500 plus
And this album's a three permer and a clutch

[Hook]
24/7 (Yes, sir)
I go hard (Go hard, go hard, go hard)
Not here

[Verse 2]
I claim squad game till no more Wayne remain
Bang my thing till no more lane remain
Use the left lane man cook up the cocaine
Dudes a lil game and get her to do brain
That boy Weezy is a bad mother-feezy
Me and Young Jazze at the back of one tweezy
I'm so breezy off the Velvie and the perk
Now I'm getting head on the balcony on Bourbon
Apple and Eagle is the street that I shop
The Birdman my daddy and we fly south
And we don't go to work man we get work out
And the bricks may go as low as ten up in the drought
Niggaz is selling and you should be buying
Niggaz is telling and you should be dying
Niggaz is yelling Cash Money till they kill me
C-M-B, I know you gotta feel me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You know if I'm doing it I'm probably doing it for the block
I'm out here bitch I got this here on lock
Come out here bitch I bet this here gon pop
I got ya slick this my year don't knock
Speakers from the front to the rear gon rock
Wood-grain handles to steer it's all hot
I never drove factory and I don't own stock
I drop that bitch on chrome chops, yeah

[Hook till end]* send corrections to the typist

[Intro: Lil Wayne - talking]
I met her when I was young and she was younger
With a body like woman so her age meant nothing
I had to get her number 
After how she made them daisy doots fit her all summer
I'm wishing I could hit her all summer
And all she ever wanted
Was for young Weezy to love her
But all I ever wanted was to cum easy and dump her
But that didnt come easy
'Cuz she ended up being my baby's mother
and then I felt smothered but little did I know
I'd never find the same girl inside another
But I never thought that I'd be looking for her
And I never thought that late at night
When I'm in the mix...laying down with some chick
That suddenly it'll click
How this broad in my drawers dont know shit 
Bout what I did 'fore I was big
When's there's a woman with my kid where I should be
She screamed to me (What?)
My love, my patience, my pain (OK)
Nigga please

[Chorus]
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)

[Verse One]
I met her after the fame
And she aint even like me but I got her after the game
Mami was a nice piece, young Cali sweet thang
Made her into wifey and then reality changed
It was going good...I was happy again
But then things got rapidly strange
And it had to be Wayne
She was still a virgin
What more could I ask from a dame
But I was a bastard...I asked for the pain
Now my ass in the rain
And she got a new life...the picture flipped
And none of it includes Weez and all his bullshit (Shit)
And I remember the Bahamas for the weekend 
We was freaking in the suite
And she looked sweet enough to beat it up
Till we began to sleep and I
I'm dreaming 'bout the Victoria Secret lingerie
Told me keep it..she aint want moms to see it
And just think I once saw it on the girl's body
Now all I'm seeing is nobody

[Chorus]
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)

[Verse Two]
You see I never really ran, but no gentleman
All I know is big pimpin' ma'am
I'm just tryna be Weezy
And the perfect husband just might be too hard to find in me, Weezy
Baby girl you gotta work with ya boy
'Cuz all of that cursing it be hurting ya boy
Look for the better not the worst in ya boy
And maybe I can be ya boy...Ya know what I'm sayin'
But see this here is not your everyday love tune
It's the story of your everyday thug dude
And in your mind you prolly thinkin we don't love you
But on the real we just not used to what love do
And please consider that
We were taught to love money, ice, cars, and clothes
Love pussy but you dont love them ho's
Love ya niggaz love ya children
Now if they got a bitch you could love that
Holla back

[Chorus]
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)
Young Weez'got the young'n blues y'all
(da-da-da-da-da)
I got the young'n blues y'all (da-da-da-da-da)

[Outro with Lil Wayne talking]* send corrections to the typist

[Chorus - Blaque and (Mannie Fresh)]
Push Impalas and Caprice's (Believe that daddy)
Starch flat no creases (Believe that daddy)
Got that work, you a D boy (Believe that daddy)
You a H-O-T Boy (Believe that daddy)
Do ya Bentley got them hoes (Believe that daddy)
That's, that weed smell in yo clothes (Believe that daddy)
Bet a hunderd, shoot a hundred (Believe that daddy)
It's my block, I run it (Believe that daddy)
Got them 20's on ya ride (Believe that daddy)
Got the gator inside (Believe that daddy)
Fine bitch, bow-leg (Believe that daddy)
And she go both ways (Believe that daddy)
Slugged up in the front (Believe that daddy)
Got a trunk full of bump (Believe that daddy)
Got cribs, cars, bikes, dykes (Believe that daddy)
'Cause that's what hoes like (Believe that daddy)
Now I do it for the ladies, do it for the ladies
I do cause I wanna push a cat-eye Mercedes
I do it for my dudes, do it for my dudes
All the niggas on the block that got that work to move

(Verse 1 - Lil' Wayne)
It's Weezy baby, young and from the Dirty South
Get up your dope, I'm putting birdies out
Like thirty in my mouth, so I can say
Fuck you bitch you still ain't got a dirty mouth
The hood still ain't got over the drout
So you should sleep on your roof, just to watch over ya house
Nigga we tymin', the cost of my watch over ya house
I'm a boss man, I watch over the South
Jazze Pha, let's hop in the Lammy (Lamborghini)
Stop by Sammy, chill in the hood, you good, you family
My boys like to pull them blammies, and big pimp
Mami suck dick 'til she pull your hammy, homey
You know we only, keepin it gangsta
Deep in the Range, 17 in the chamber
All I need is my banger, nigga it's Weezy
This shit is over somebody cue me

(Chorus)

(Verse 2 - Lil' Wayne)
You don't wanna play wit me, I touch you man
Lose ya man in a tussle, but y'all don't see me
Y'all can't hear me, this a def jam, call me Russell, man
I played on Martin, call me hustle, man
And now y'all know I'm the yee-yo muscle, man
But on the under, I got that wonder, to stop that thunder
That rumble in the side of ya stomach, piled on water
How do you want it, come through in a Coupe powder blue or
High with water, how do you want it man
Ay, I towed a lot of tullies dun, I den broke a lot of hoopties dun
I den drove a lot of QP's from, here and there on the road
For the nigga gotta move his son, and I show you how to do this son
That's, that boy Weezy We, CMB, BITACH, and ya stunned

(Chorus)* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne]
Who that, Weezy Bitch
Like Sigel, you fuckin with the young don, people
Plus I'm tryna make a son, he gon' be the sequel
Muh'fuckas better be peaceful, fo' sheezle
I get sums in lumps, like measles
My dough sick, on occations I catch seizures
I treat beef like burgers, just cheese you
And for that cheedar, hungry niggaz'll eat you
We breeze through in the twelve with the judo eyes
Bitches yell I wanna do those guys
Ain't that cold, you know shit fucked up when you got banked at fo'
I'm 19 and I got banked at O
That's the Bentley ma, that ain't that Rolls
But the price on that muthafucka ain't that low
Guaranteed that I'll bang that fo'
If your fuckin with the dude
Big shout from Cash Money Records, Fuck You

[Chorus x8]
Fuck you, fuck you nigga, muthafuck you 

[Mannie Fresh]
Chains, nines, guns that's us
The slogan is "we will bust"
The rules our this our size
Cross it young nigga and you will die
Pumps, ride guns, even 25's
Cash Money got this, don't even try it
Stay where you from, don't bring no static
If not, then semi-automatic
This is the payback, pussy bitch stay back
Fuck you, yo' mama, yo' daddy and where you lay at
What's beef, beef is when you fuck with us
Guaranteed to lay yo' ass up under the bus
There's no one quicker, than a hot boy nigga
That'll get you with the knife, or pow with the trigger
There's no one keaner, with the chrome Sarafina
Murder ain't nuttin' but a misdemeanor

[Chorus x4]

[Baby]
Fo' sho' nigga
I'm gon' ride 'round my city and stunt my shit
If a nigga don't like it they can suck my dick
I got a Bentley, Jag, Rolls, Ferrari
Lambo' with no top I'm gon' ride tomorrow
Fuck a cutless, regals, and rams V-12
Gotta have somethin fast just to get out them jams
Got a big ass crib with a flow lil fuck
Got a roof all glass and that bitch split up
Got a house built look like a Mercedes booth
Ferrari sofa set with the Lambo' wrench room
Leskitted up kitchen set and Rolls Royce wall
Jaguar floors and fuck all yall
BMW lights, projectors to watch fights
Caddilac Benz, white fox for threads
Chin cheddar for Chi tower, ain't that crazy
I don't give a fuck homie, that's how I play it
Refridge designed like a Lexus with legs
In the fridge, it's quarters to replace the eggs
From me, Fresh, and Weezy fuck what they say
I'm Cash Money stunna nigga and that's how I play it

[Chorus x8]* send corrections to the typist

Biotch, Biotch

[Chorus - Baby (Cristale)]
(Get that dough)
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, C'mon
(Get that dough)
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro
(Get that dough)
Look wipe a bitch down, let's dribble on a hoe, Wooo
(Get that dough)
Let's pop a few bottles, smoke a lil dro

[Lil Wayne]
I pull up slow, chrome flashin
lil daddy in a long Cabbi
Big hat pimp strong daddy
Got my hoes on my arm daddy
Ain't that amazing, specially when I'm blazin that dro
earthly green, purple weed, purple V,
with purple seats, murck the streets
And I see ya in that Gucci skirt ya sweet
But later on I wanna hurt ya so holla back hoe
I know ya will, get ya ass over here
And take off my polar bear
I'm the coldest player of most my age
Quote my age, 19 but my money's much old
And shorty got crazy paper
Cash Money's my army, my navy paper
Understand, Weezy is made of paper
I got "Baby" paper

[Chorus]

[Cristale]
Floss our bitch, or get tossed out
Stunna time criss-crossed out
Birdman the bad bitches bossed out
So fly nigga we dont walk out
Time to get Nina Rossed out
I'ma let the heat speak, see I'm talked out
What's the muthafuckin talk bout
Get you niggaz chalked out
Chi-town and Birdman show you what that fuckin hawk bout

[Baby]
You can shine like stunna (Papi it's all gravy)
I bought the Rover for me and bought the Benz for my ladies
See I, wipe ya down, I shine ya up
And put the rims on the whip then diamonded up
It's the m-uh-m-uh-man, that I hustle for grams
Me, Ta', and Cris' with a blunt in my hand
See I come through shinin, known big tymin
Red Caddi truck, nigga I'm grindin

[Chorus]

[Tateeze]
I come Harley D, black bike all chrome
Your queen is home, daddy tell 'em where they went from

[Baby]
See I'ma slide on through, then I stash the loot
Who washed the coupe, ma look I know what to do

[Tateeze]
Got the suit you to wear some pumps on
matchin the car, matchin my bra, shit nigga pimpin is hard

[Baby]
I jock that, so wipe a nigga down
Let's dribble on a hoe, bitch time to go

[Tateeze]
The Caddi do me pop, the coupe is hot
the groupies flock, and case me out my Gucci socks
Yeah, we get that dough, Tatee' watch me drop these
You got me, can I get the car keys

[Baby]
See I wipe a bitch down, then dribble on a hoe
And I touch her from her head, from her waist, to her toes
Pop up in the Lexus with the mink on the floor
Rocked out Nexus 2K bird hoe, Wooo!

[Chorus]* send corrections to the typist

[Verse 1]
You know they saying since the bar back on the 'dro, he lackin the flow
And if that ever happen whoa I ain't rapping no more
I'm good with a pina, daq and an o
Gagging and choke like ho put the dick back in your throat
Still packing fo sho
Yeezy Weezy off of the heezy fo sheezy
Cruise with the top off of the 'Ghini
Bars got cheese I got cheddar linguini
That's why I keep the federals scheming
That's why I keep the platinum blinging
Every diamond's like a nice size
I help people with problems look at the bright side
With nice ties on a rise so they sitting me high
And the rims born in '79
Weezy carry the nine glocks
Slipping they gon have to get six niggaz name called carry a pine box
Marry me ma, not
But here's what you can do to me
Give me good brains tutor me
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee

[Hook x4]
They call me Weezy Weezy fo sheezy
Banana clip on the heater
Banana whip on them sneakers
Banana dick going deeper

[Verse 2]
Got a good game honestly so respect the young'n
Got your girl undercover like a detective woman
I'm a mess blow a vest to onion and I'll test your stomach
And the pistols right next to him cousin
I'm a player having sex with dozens
Sex with cousins hoes dissed with husbands
My pants is down her dress is up
Her head down and her neck is tough
She suck till I say, "That's enough!"
We fuck till her ass fractured up
And when I nut no shower bitch pack your stuff
Am I a mack or what
Yep, Weezy macaroni with a bony model bitch
Are you modeling ma
She got her own whip so you following ma
She said she like that squad shit
So oh you swallowing ma
She said she like that hot dick
Well miss I got three bricks and two pills pop
One blunt mami let's roll
And understand, I know what my name is, right
Bitch say it
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee

[Hook x4]

[Verse 3]
I'm so gangsta
If she don't go down no thank you
I got so many bitches so ain't ya
Got so many pictures of Ben Franklin
High top tennis on the car cover of the whole game cold
Fuck it up with me niggaz come from all angles
Representing S-Q like the Star Spangled
White tee-fish at Kango
Low top Nikes plus my ho pop Nikes
How exciting we riding in the third lane
Said she like Juvy but prefer Wayne
She can give me head
Call her birdbrain on everything
It's Young Weezy cuz I be golly
My neck more colorful then Nelly, Murph, Ky, Ali
I'm so cold deep
Low seats in the old drop blow reef
Like no cops could fuck with this
Swiftly no tops on the whippy
Cash Money hot Bizzy Lil Wizzy get with me
Now I'ma, I'ma ask you again
You know my name right bitch
Bitch say it

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
W-E-E-Z-Y Wee
Bitch holla!* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne talking]
Yea yea yea its the Carter motherfucker I came back around
its the Carter motherfucker I came back around
its the Carter motherfucker
let me show you my building man, its the Carter
I'ma show y'all the ins the outs the ups the down, kno what I'm talkin bout
this is me fourth solo album baby, I came back around
by myself this time, back off the wall
guns up in the air in the middle of the streets like blak blak blak, welcome

[Verse 1]
This is the Carter y'all welcome, hard as Malcolm
Dawg is a vulcan Lord help him but y'all felt him
That make you a part of me and pardony
If a part of me is what you wanna be what you oughtta be
Dont worry Carter me I just actin accordingly
I give orders to the commander in chief, just the commander in me
Handlin streets in the mandarin V
I hear you haters slanderin me I just hand him the P
Any drama I pace it like Indiana, I take your grandma pacemaker and jus handle the piece
Not two fingers I simultaneously bout two bangers
You do not want anger USDA prime beef, ya dead meat
I'm so ahead of these trendy rappers speed up
I'm already hot when another one startin to heat up
Got Mannie hot wit me cuz I always beat his beat up
Yall cats wit y'all feet up startin to look like feet up, I'm G'd up
On the V'd up, in the truck I gotta put my seat up
In the trunk I got my bass and I ain't speakin bout no speakers
Whats leakin up out of yo speaker is the speech of Weezy F. Baby
No more no less Baby, so forth and so on
Front door livin room young nigga switchin we
What you need, get you crack get you weed
Make yo way to the back look ahead and see
White bitch in the bathroom givin head for speed
But don't you turn your head at me, the president been doin it
Daddy tried to ruin it
But I built this building from the ruts
I own all the corners and the cuts in this motherfucker
And the feds know just whats up in this motherfucker
Made niggaz so they cant bust in this motherfucker
So with that lets keep it movin, on to the kitchen where my witches keep it brewin
Uh huh look at how my bitches do it
Bucky buck naked look at all my bitches booties
They handle all my pharmaceutics
I got it from promethazane to metamucil
I'm crucial don't mean to spook you
But this is New Orleans so my queens do voodoo, ya know
So the things just move through
I feel ya pain I got things to soothe you
That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral
Dont hate the game hate the institution
That fills the cane so wayne the nuetral
Dot hate the game hate the institution, fucka

[Lil Wayne talking]
I came back around, it's the Carter
show you the rest of the house later, we gon go upstairs, ya kno
Ya kno what this is right
Tha Carter..tha Carter...tha Carter[Mannie Fresh talking]
Yea, yea, yea
Grown ups in between, children and babies
Right about now its yo boy, ya heard, back again
DJ Mannie
Fre Fresh Err Fresh
Fre Fresh Err Fresh
Fre Fresh Err Fresh
Fre Fresh Err Fresh

Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, yea
Wit Weezy We, step up to the mic dude do watcha do, ya heard

[Lil Wayne talking]
Ladies and gentlemen, what you have here is brought to you
Courtesy of the young man young Carter and the great man Mannie Fresh
So what I want y'all out there to do for me is say this

[Hook]
Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ
Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ
Say go DJ, cause that's my DJ
Say go DJ, cause that's my cause that's my

[Lil Wayne]
Murder 101, the hottest nigga under the sun
I come from under the tommy, bustin a tommy
Or come from under your garments, yo chest and your arm hit
Pow, one to the head now you know he dead
Now you know I play it, like a pro in the game
Naw better yet a veteran a hall of fame
I got that medicine, I'm better than all the names
Ay its Cash Money Records man a lawless gang
Put some water on the track, Fresh for all his flame
Wear a helmet when you bang it man and guard yo brain
Cuz the flow is spasmatic what they call insane
That ain't even a muthafuckin aim I gets dough boy
And you already know that pimpin
18 how I'm livin young'n show that Bentley
Stunna my Pa so you know that's in me
Gotti my mentor so don't go there wit me

[Hook] - 2X

[Lil Wayne]
And I move like the Coupe thru traffic
Rush hour GT Bent' roof is absent
Ya bitch present wit the music blastin
And she keep askin how it shoot if its plastic
I tell her you see if ya boy run up
she sat back and cut the Carter back up, oh fa sho
Ay Big Mike they betta step they authority's up
Before they step to a sergeant's son, I got army guns
You niggaz never harmin young
fly wizzy my opponents done, I'm done talking
And I ain't just begun
I been runnin my city like Diddy ya chump
I fly by ya in a foreign whip
On the throttle wit a model bony bitch
Pair of phony tits, her hair is long and shit
to her thong and shit
Well here we go so hold on to this, uh let's go

[Lil Wayne talking]
Hold on let me hit the blunt
So go, so go
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is the Carter

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Birdman put them niggaz in a trash can
Leave em outside of your door I'm your trash man
I'm steady lightin up the hash and ridin in my jag
You will need a gas mask man
You snakes, stop hidin in the grass
Sooner or later I'll cut it now the blades in yo ass
You homo niggaz getting Aids in the ass
While the homie here tryna get paid in advance
I'm stayin on my grizzy I'ma bonafide hustler
Play me or play wit me then I'm goin find your mother
Niggaz wanna eat cause they ain't ate nothin
But niggaz wanna leave when you say you out of mustard
So I'ma walk into the restaurant alone, leavin out
Leavin behind just residue and bones
In your residents with Rugers to your dome
Like where the fuck you holdin the coke
hold in your throat, choke

This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
this, this, this, this, this
This is the Carter

[Hook]

Go DJ, DJ, DJ[Lil Wayne talking]
Ok I'm finally perfect, ya know
Yall already know what it is and if you don't
Then the great Mannie Fresh will enlighten you

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and playas
Half ass rappers and true rhyme sayers
This is the Carter, so hold onto your teenage daughter
Because this is the Carter, a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter
Wayne in ya brain young Carter
Wayne in ya brain young Carter

[Lil Wayne]
Who am I, young wizzle fa shizzle
Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals
My charm starburst, my watch skittles
I'm hot sizzle, what up hot bizzle
Holla at a playa, I'm sorta like BD
Yall can't stop my dribble, or block the lay-ups
Soft top the Coupe, mami pop her too
Don't chase the feelin baby girl let it come to you
Remove the ceiling on the girl now she comfortable
I'ma world class G mami fuck wit dude
I got Lazy-Boy bank that's comfort low
I'ma offense coordinator run the shoe
You watch your grill what you ought to do
Fore' your ribs get barbecued
And my ribs is showin I say I'm starving dude
This, this, this, this, this is the Carter dude
What up Reel, c'mon

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne}
I'm the Birdman Birdman Jr. bitch
I be high in the sky shit on you and yo bitch
I be flyer than your guy nigga lose the prick
Now if ya follow everything just grab a wing
And we could sssssshhhhhhhh
All the way down to the mall and bet I buy it all
Young Mar' picture the broad lick
All the way down to the balls then she wipe it off
If getting money is wrong I ain't right at all
I young money a car I just write it off
I'm the boss of my own shit, I'm my own click
I would say fuck ya but go and get ya own dick
Get ya game up boy hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
Get ya game up boy hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter, yea

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
And yall better blame Baby
Cuz he the muthufucka that made me, and I'm crazy
And yall ask why I never left the navy
Cuz he the muthufucka that pay me, is you crazy
Young, young, young wizzle baby
Give you yo issue, me don't wanna kiss you
No, no, no me no want no bullshit
So, so stop baller blockin cuz a nigga hood rich
And I floss everyday because I could bitch
So holla at ya boy cuz I'm still on some hood shit
Like, like, like whats really good wit ya mom or your lil boy
And your sister lookin good shit, shit
I'm still Apple Eagle weasel
1-7 Hollygrove never ever ever leave you
I got yall waitin on my sequel
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter people

[Hook] RepeatX2

[Lil Wayne talking until the end]* send corrections to the typist

[Baby talking]
Yeah shawty you know what I'm talkin about
I'm peepin these niggaz out there slippin lookin like
they ain't 'bout money no mo' man. So uh fuck
you know what we gon do huh? What we been doin ha nigga
We gon load up get a lot mo get a lot mo and say fuck em nigga
Keep buyin shit, keep fuckin hoes. Loadin up on mo' bitches
Then you know what I'm sayin, we gon get greedy too nigga
I ain't neva gettin full. I'm full blooded wit this grind
Yeah they don't understand lil nigga!
(I got it..I got it)

(Lil Wayne verse)
On the capitol only key to survive is kill
If the elements don't murder you the ridaz will Fa real
And niggaz know I go hard to the fullest
Get involved and I got em playin dodgeball wit bullets
Yeah, I got the sawed off fully in the Sean John hoody
Get fucked you play pus-sy
Ha! We hit em up while they lookin
And them body shots hooked
But the head shots took him
Damn! And if the red dot spot em then the hollow head got em
Knock his temp to his bottom jack!
Yeah! You see we grind from the bottom just to make it to the bottom
At the very bottom of the map
Lilweeziana piranas everywhere you at
You gotta wear a extra condom and a extra gat
Ya bitch gon get it fa actin like a man
And niggaz in Pakistan are packin like ya man
I back this hand ya man on command
In front of niggaz he cool wit dem boyz on fan
I'm on hot I adjust in different climates
Duckin the animal keep on runnin wit my primates
You ain't did it till you done it like in five states
Weezy hustle no blubber I put on weight
And in the drought I go on a diet and stretch more
Lose all that weight leave a nigga wit stretch marks
You don't even come up to a nigga chest pa' sub par
What the fuck they play it in the club for
Real shit I'm duckin bombs from a drug war
No religion but the cops swear that I'm a drug lord
Father forgive em for they know not who they pushin Lord
Father forgive me if I have to send em to ya Lord
I'm just tryin dodge the shots they send to the God
They ridin up highway to heaven blvd. (Fuck em)
Damn! Them niggaz pussy and jive not even in a eye exam they ain't lookin for I
The A and the K will make ya face cook to the side
Now when you smilin everybody gotta look from the side
Cause when you wildin you ain't lookin you just lookin high
And when we hungry you look like pie
Sweet potato ass nigga you lemon merengue apple custard
Cherry jelly don't make me get the bisuit busta Yea!
What up Gizzle you my distant brotha
Real shit nigga same father different mother
I skip the frontin and stick to keepin it trill
You not know me fa nothin other I'm somethin other
Than people you feel I'm deeper for real I'm deeper than skillz
My speeches can kill Rest in peace

[Baby talking]
Yeah! You undadig shawty it's all about one thang nigga
If you bout money nigga come fuck wit us
If you ain't bout no money get the fuck from 'round us nigga
And whateva you bout we bout it
Howeva you wanna get we can give it to ya nigga
All runnaz bitch. Ya undadig put ya prints in nigga
Put ya feet down and ya nutz on the concrete and lets roll
(Let me get it back Aye. Aye.)

(Lil Wayne verse)
You sleep in the field fa tryin the dude
I'll bust ya head to the meat turn ya mind to food
Food fa thought think I ain't lyin to you
I lye his body in grease set fire to em
I tie his body in sheets put the tires to em
Make em feel the Escalade put his feet in the blaades
Damn! I'm the heat in the blaze
And niggaz keep they wayz when I'm in the streets wit blake What!
My nigga hungry he'll eat the plate
And if I ask the homeboy'll eat ya face Yea!
And though he got me you can ask I'm like a pool table..I keep the eight (laughing)
My side pocket side ways
When I pop it leave a nigga sideways fa five days
Birdman talk to em

[Baby talking]
Yeah nigga. I tell em, I'll tell em again shawty
if it ain't bout no money get and fall the fuck from 'round me nigga
(Fuck dat I'm comin back man. Aye. Aye.)

(Lil Wayne verse)
Check my swagg I travel like sound dawg
You play hard in the gravel like ground dawg
I'm underground call me ground hog
Lay down laws call em the ground law
Dont confuse me wit the law naw
But just confuse me wit my paw because I am the Birdman J.R
I ain't trippin nigga I play the corner like Ripken nigga
Wit the forty cal Ripken nigga rip a nigga
Flip ya vehicle split ya windsheild
Hack ya baby moma but I'll let the kid live
And people say that I am a kid still
Cause the lil nigga still ride on big wheels
You feelin animal then come on and get killed
This hit peel bandanas like bananas
Say I'm slight bananas I blow a weekend in Havana
In my Gabana wit my bottom bitch from Savannah
Man a train could'nt stop ya man
I man up and you not a man
I stand up say I got my land
I'm the man of my land call it Lilweeziana... Thats the new plan

[Baby talking]
Yeah nigga. You bout some money get at me nigga. Thats the only way
Dumb shit we bout that get at me ya undadig. Nigga roll solo. Dolo nigga[Lil Wayne talking]
Yea.yea.yea.yea
This is the Carter muthafucka, yea
And in my building I must keep it real

[Lil Wayne]
And man I miss the times, we would shine, you would keep on your side
You would teach me how to ride and you would teach me how to pry
Then we get on the line and go over our lines
We were in the same position and that's when you change position, shit
I never change and I miss ya, and its strange but I never forget ya
Throw that at you and them bitches homie
And I know that aint you wit that dissin on me
That's why I never replied and never will just let em live phony
If ya ever died I swear to God I got yo kids homie
Whats mine is their I gotta give homie, and yea
We still a army in this bitch homie
Yea Cash Money still the shit homie, shit homie
Whats really real is you feelin me nigga
That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga, word the giggity nigga
And I aint got time to speak the history
I miss you and I know you missin
Gizzle but
 
[Hook: Reel(Lil Wayne)]RepeatX2
Man I miss my dawgs(yea)
Many nights club poppin(yea)
Many nights we were blowin trees(yea)
Many nights we were hustlin(yea)
Man I miss my dawgs(yea)
Me and you through thick and thin(yea)
Me and you through the very end(yea)
For only you I was in the game(yea)

[Lil Wayne]
And I remember when you came to the click
I had already made my name in the click, but you got famous and shit
I got my solja rag and dangled my shit
I was down to just to hang wit you shit
And I banged to the boogie bang bang wit yo click
And I aint even from the 3(3rd Ward), my hood was angry at me, shit
But I rose to my feet, played the post wit the heat
At them shows while you performed and posed
I was waitin for a nigga to jump, see I was patient but was ready to duck
Cuz you my brother chump
Real Gs never buckle up
But every family aint filled wit gangstas that's real
And that's real and I would never turn my back or turn ya down
Even if you turned around muthafucka
But history is history
I miss you and I know you missin me
Juve but
 
[Hook]RepeatX2

[Lil Wayne]
You was my nigga, my nerd, my joy, my herb
My main muthafuckin man Turk
My other, my partner, I was teacher, he was father
I skilled, he schooled, we chilled, we moved
We thug, we hung, we ate, we slept
We lived, we died, I stayed, you left
Remember how we played to the left
And we stayed out of trouble cuz we stayed to our self
Member B and Slim leavin, hand the ki's over
Tell me not to go Uptown and we went straight to tha Nolia
While I watched you reunite wit yo soljas
And yo mom and brothers, while I lied to the stunna
Yea those were the times my brother
Now I recognize real and I honor my brother
Yea nigga sub mage my brother, the Sqad's my brother
The nigga you left behind is my brothers
 
[Hook]RepeatX2* send corrections to the typist

[Baby - talking]
Ay shawty, you know what I'm sayin'
Some niggaz palms be sweatin'
Some niggaz palms be itchy
It don't matter, a nigga just gotta get it
You know what I'm sayin', nigga
We built this shit from the ground up
Nigga, The Carter, nigga
You what I'm sayin'
We been around the world gettin' money nigga
We been to every ghetto, every neighborhood
Every project, nigga
We worldwide hustlas, nigga (Belie' that bitch)
You what I'm sayin'
Lets get them niggaz, lets ride shawty

[Baby]
Indictments, got us conspiracy for murders
Five young niggaz uptown servants
Word, they bird curvin' for servin'
Look, the worstest of the worst is shootin' out like they jaws curvin'
Bitch, and we was raised in these war times
Jail also made men in these hard times
And don't cry I'ma get mines so pray for me
I'm on the block on the grind, mama pray for me
So nigga respect my G, respect my grind
Nigga respect how I eat, respect my mind
Nigga respect this heat
When these niggaz out of line, nigga we dress up and creep
Whoa, shawty I'ma blow they whole block
Fuckin' with a soldier, mastermind is on plot
Third ward survivor, uptown madness
Killin' is a hobby, jackin' is a habbit, bitch

[Hook]
We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon

[Lil Wayne]
The murder man, picture me lurkin'
Right up behind ya curtains nine's squirtin'
And you could hear it when it's hurtin'
But if I hear him hurtin' I'll walk over and merk him for certain
I took over the circus
'Cause I'ma act a clown if you put your feet down on my surface
I walk around, fo' pound and surface
To spin ya ass around in circles, you urkle
Blood run up out ya earth now you purple
Your homeboy get it first, but you worst so
Now you headed to the skies above
And I'm go and get high with ya bitch in the club
Yeah, life's a bitch and death's a husband
And you gonna have to meet up if you keep on fuckin' up
And you gonna have to meet us if you keep on fuckin' up
But you don't want see them CMB blood knuckle up

[Hook]
We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon

[Lil Wayne]
Shoot him in his head so he remember
Because of that mama I'll be gone 'till Novemeber
I be back next winter in a hummer on spinners
Them niggaz on the block say them boys gon' get 'em
But them niggaz on the block don't know the toys who with 'em
Tell ya boy come and get me if I go he goin' with me
I'm hoping y'all feel me, I told y'all what the dealy
Ya open up ya face I'ma open up the semi
I open up ya kidneys now ya floatin' up the Missi-
Ssippi, river nigga play with deep water now ya swimmin'
Silly, you play with me, Carter, now ya missin'
Really, I shoot ya in ya head and make you feel it
And even though I be the man with the milli's
When the shit go down I be the man with the milli's
Beef cranberry on the ceilin'
This is the Carter, bitch welcome to my buildin' c'mon

[Hook]
We don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby
C'mon, we don't give a fizzuck my nigga we young and bizzuck
We'll fuck a nigga's shit up if nigga is fuckin' with us
And then pump 'em make 'em lift up, hit 'em up and be out
And we out for cash motherfuckin' money baby, c'mon

[Lil Wayne - talking]
Wish a nigga would say something, gotta
Standin right chea guns up boy
Weezy F, Birdman
Holla back[Lil Wayne]
Eagle, eagle carter man
In a 96 regal contravan
On my way to the east to the laundromat
Gotta wash that money and get on my ass
Gotta flip them bricks it be gone so fast
I got to do something I done blown my last
Holla holla at ya boy I be on the ave
In dat g pricko is what I am known to have
Shit tend to be slow I put on a mask
And make it halloween and take all your bags
I say hallie hallie hallie why don't you go on and stab
And Make these motherfuckers understand
Look coach you pitchin' at me under hand
But I am a designated hitter I adjust so fast
Ya men designing women I am a one woman's man
I'm the cash money prince blow the trumpet man
They say they want the drugs to stop
But I am a major step back when my album drop
I got dat wet crack flow out ya mami's pot
I got dat I got dat jet black four at ya mami's spot
I am trying to get dat dough I demand it now
You panic now, you betta pan it down
For the neighbors be over here tearing it down
This is Weezy F. baby I am crowned the prince

[hook - repeat 2X]
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne,
This is me on my own, let's get it on

[Lil Wayne]
And the hand gun is so included
Don't get it confused I want no confusion
And keep ya hoe I don't want your contagious
I make my hoes stop and let the dough keep moving
A bitch over some money is a hungry nuisance
Its money over bitches that I'm keep on provin'
Its weezy f. I got ya momma cruisin'
Outta all the hot boyz she say I am the coolest
I brought my bag of oranges, its time to juice it
This game is a bitch and I'm try to seduce
I floss awful lot and haters tryin' to reduce it
Put the laser on the 45 iron, stupid
One shot to remind who is the fly lil nigga dat's behind da trigger
I am all chronic combined with liquor
You will never see me like momma tigger
An eighty's baby a fightin' nigga, I got it on my mind like a psychic nigga
I am something you call pepper like a viking snake
See me over the viking stove I am lighting bricks
Or in the middle of the shoot out, I'm tighting clips
Pop another one shoot back while lighting spliffs (I do this)
You catching my drift representing with my section on my belly and shit
I am the prince

[hook - repeat 2X]
This is my town, my home 
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own, let's get it on

[Lil Wayne]
So roll the carpet out, cause you fuckin' with a nigga from the royal south
See you are either in or you are out 
And if you out stay in 'cause  them warriors are out
Because those vultures, cops, and those lawyers are out
So I just open up the gate and let my holliers out
No nigga I neva call your house I am probably some where taking Toya out
Not answer my phone and ignoring your spouse
She leavin' messages about me enjoying her mouth
Hey, I am ready to knock a boy in the mouth
Give me the name, naw better yet point him out
Me and the streets got a joint account
I am from the streets that you need to be warned about
New Orleans, wodie put the gat in your mouth
And if we feed you with a lot of iron it will flatten you out
A few roaches but never had no rats in this house
Never telling one another leave dat in the house
Always been a small hustler moving my packing out
If I ever run into some trouble send my savages out
These niggaz talking sweet I will get dem cavities out
I got graveyard flowers man I am passing them out
Hey bitch nigga get ya ass on the ground and bow down to ya majesty now
I am the prince

[hook - repeat 2X]
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own, let's get it on[Lil Wayne talking]
Fuck with me, you know what it is

[Hook]  2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

[Verse One]
Dressed in all black and my gun the same color
Murder my enemy love thy brotha
And I ain't never gave a shit about a motherfucker
Hit him up and watch the guts come up out a younga stomach
You niggaz better take side with young money, Cash Money
You'll get left in your ride crash dummy
I'll be around when the times get ugly
When the wheels fall off and the tires stop running
The magazine empty and the nine stop busting
I bang my fist till my palms get bloody
Cuz I'm a monsta man
I'm gonna find you in my AP nine on jam
I'm a rider you can't take it out of me man
I be wilding, you can wait by my house for me fam
I will fire and drop a hater rite where he stands
I'm gonna die with this blazer rite in these hands

[Hook]  2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

[Verse 2]
Twenty-two's, thirty-eight's, forty-four's, forty-five's
Tucked in my thirty-eight, mack on my back I am
So ready for whateva that awaits me
Run up in your place wile you're sleepin await the
Calicoes, ak's, Uzi-machines
Got ya misplacin your arms and losin your knees
I am takin names, so who wanna leave
Out this bitch with your brains and your dew on your sleeve?
I got the hood with the names of the crew on they t's
And I might make a funeral sweep, I ain't bullshitin
AR hit ya truck got ya hood flippin
Feet by the engine, head by the transmission
And I be right where I am mista
Me and my damn pistol
Me and my girlfriend
In this world alone, so bring it on
And umma have to sing you this song nigga

[Hook]  2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year

[Verse 3]
I got the scope on the tool I can see what you do
With a little red dot nigga peek-a-boo
Shhh the silence will speak to you
Hit you from across the street wile you tying ya shoe
Like Bang! Bang! say breathe nigga breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his tee
Say Bang! Bang! say breathe deep breath I stand ova the body with the boy in his chest...Clear!
Now the boy is a mess and the block in fear cuz ya boy up and left
Life is short enjoy what eva's left
Before you run into a nigga like me and meet death
In less than three seconds I'll pull a three-eighty
Three feet from my waist
Three inches from your faces
Make no mistake Weezy neva hesitate
I'll pop till your shit separate like eewww!

[Hook]  2x
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
The heater burner bruisa is on my hip this year
I shoot your arm, leg, leg, arm, head
I wish a motherfucker would trip this year* send corrections to the typist

I keep pimpin
I keep pimpin
I keep I, I keep pimpin
I, I, I keep pimpin

(verse 1)
I got a bitch in the back, got a hoe in the front
One cookin the crack, one rollin da blunt
You get pussy and ass from a beautiful broad
If you lookin fa that holla at cha boy
I'm a m,m, mack mack a p,p, pimp
I sp, sp, sp, spit out shrimp
I pull up clean I get out limp
I walk like (?)
I talk like bi, bitch get chere
Best playa on my team when I ball women cheer
And they love the way I come out wit the gear
This jacket these shoes don't come out this year
So if you love ya girl don't let her come out this year
If you leave her out there then she comin out here
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah!

(hook) 2x
mix [Lil Wayne]
Who you think you fuckin wit [bitch!]
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit I'm serious bout this pimpin shit
[I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire...]

(verse)
I got 25 dollars on my dresser and if I
give it to my hoe she gon bring back mo'
Not a.. minute go she ain't gettin that loot
And if you ain't got no money she ain't gettin at you
I like em sexy high yellow if you fittin that shoot
Ooh boo you can come and get in that coupe
Take a hit of that fruit get high wit Wayne
Fly wit Birdman Jr. wave high to plane
Say by to lanes don't buy they game
If he ain't scored in the first half bench his ass
If you play wit my money I'm a lynch ya ass
I'll John Lynch ya shit don't tempt me bitch Oh!
Wipe me down cause I'm filthy rich
If gettin moneys a crime then I'm guilty bitch
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionare Yeah!

(hook) 2x

(verse 3)
I sit low in the car, sit high in the truck
Lay at the front of the plane, lay at the back of the bus
Got ladies fa days, got women fa months
Leave ya girl at home I made 21
Got that thing on chrome blade 21
Got them thangs inside make me empty one
Pull it ova to the side by a pretty one, like
Whats good mami come make a cloud yo pillow, come fly wit me
My diamond sing, my weed is rap
Call me Weezy da king or call me Weezy da crack
If pimpin is dead then I'm bringin it back
Matter fact it neva died so I take that back
If ya shoes too small shawty take that back
Cause you gon walk all day till you make that back
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah!

(hook) 2x

Who you think you fuckin wit....(repeats)

Whats really good moma. Its ya boy W.a.e.z.y.F. Baby
So high in the sky I'm so fly watch out fa the power lines ya know!
Get wit me...One
Pimp Daddy!

I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire... (repeats 4x)* send corrections to the typist

[Lil' Wayne talking]
I came back around, I came back around, I came back around
The Carter muthafucka
Right now we still in the kitchen man
You checkin out them bitches booties right (I know)
Yea, but lets move on man, I got plenty more house to shoe to show you man
Plenty mo Carter to give you
You know, let's go man

[Verse]
Now let me show you upstairs
Got the glass house floor to let me know who up there
Look down and you see your reflection
You ain't gotta know who down here
You just know you protected
Hey man, how I don't know you connected
Here's a little more fiend let me see you inject it
That's right little wode respect this
Understand me or get 'cha mammy a death wish
Part one, part two, part three
All the parts of "Godfather" all a part of me
If you, look to the wall ya' see
A few, gagged up, tied up scared pricks
Got 'em, facin the wall like they was on "Blair Witch" (yea)
I ain't, chasin' at all but it get scary 'bout my chips
And in here is where I keep the bricks
Acknowledge lil' marley in the hallway
He got the clips

[Lil' Wayne talking]
Don't shoot 'em Marley (yea)
This my lil' dude marley man
He hold me down, know what I'm talking 'bout
I'll show you the rest of the house later man
You wait right here, I be back
CARTER....CARter....carter...* first single; send corrections to the typist

[Mannie Fresh talking]
Ladies and Gentlemen
People with jobs people without jobs
Middle class, upper class, high class all that
Cats, snakes, chickens, ducks, elderly people in twerkers
I present to you

Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fresh, Fre, Fre, Fresh
Dj Mannie Fresh, Fresh, Fre, Fresh
Mannie Fresh, Fre, Fresh
Dj Mannie Fre, Fre, Fresh
Young ladies

Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump
Put ya back in back out do the hump
Put ya hand on ya knees and bend ya rump
Put ya back in back out do the hump

[Lil Wayne]
Well, I'm fly as a son of gun son of a stunna
Yeah, high as a 757 goin to heaven
Who, Weezy F. ya reverend, preach about me
I'm the god, 1 - 7, Apple & E
I'm the Cash Money Mackeveli, yall ain't ready
Quick fast like Tom Petty, yall just petty
82 I was born ready, I'm too ready
I don't affiliate with baller blockers I'm to heavy
Meatball Lamborghini top spaghetti
Seats Ragu, 20 the shoe
Who me and you got plenty to do
I don't need no pool I swimming in you
And I sleep with the sharks shawty on that water water
And the Beamer ain't hundred-forty mama shake for me
And it don't make sense if it don't make that money
I'ma take that money, I'm straight Cash Money (young Ladies!!!)

[Hook]
Put ya hands on ya knees and bend ya rump
Put ya back in back out do the hump
Put ya hand on ya knees and bend ya rump
Put ya back in back out do the hump

(Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps
(Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps
(Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps
(Whodi) I bring it back (whodettes) to the bottom of the maps

[Lil Wayne]
I take off my brim
Moment of silence for the homeboy Soulja Slim
Frontin round here and get ya back chopped off
Wit dough only thing we don't act like yall
I say black white balls wit the back swiped off
Yall lil busta just a tax write-off
I'ma stand up guy not the type that falls
We don't breed them kind but they bleed just fine
Yeah, Weezy the dime, homie read between the lines
If ya can't boy read my nine
I'm goin hard in a paint like Diesel time
Either I'm the illest cat doin it or these cats is losin it
Aww be easy, fall back and be cool wit it
If Paul Bearer is moving his dead flow, I'm doin it
I'm the shhh naw naw I'm sewerage
Weezy F. baby I do's this (young Ladies!!!)

[Hook]

An old school gangsta, mack like the 80s
I look like Cita, act like baby
Yeah, you play wit me I react like the navy
Or better yet the army you gon need them for me
Yeah, and your head is a bleepin target
You don't want me to see you wit my peekin Thomas
Wizzle Fizzle, I keep in New Orleans
Sleepin wit women that sleep wit the Hornets
Yeah, a country boy is something foreign
Bout a hundred thousand more than what you're in
Ya not bout it you freeze up like popsicles
Pop up on bicycles, pop yall like spot pimples
Yeah, Wizzle fizzle original Hot Bizzle
Still Lil Wayne but the dividends not little
Don't be surprised how the crown fit him
Uh get down uh get down for the young 'Pac footprints

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Best rapper alive since the best rapper retired
Best rapper alive since the best rapper retired* send corrections to the typist
 
Somebody call the slick police
Capitol W 
Weezy Baby 
This is the Carter man
Rim low all I can see is the flow now let's go!
Raj ya bangin 'em in the.. Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the..
Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the head wit this one cut!
Weezy Weezy say guard ya face bitch
Weezy say guard ya neck bitch
Weezy Baby this is the Carter
 
I move it from a eighth to a slab from a slab to a quarter
From a quarter to a half from a half to a hard one
You do the math it's a horror
While I be on the ave gettin off one nineteen for a soft one
Bricks I loft 'em catch him he hot
If I catch you without my scratch I'm stretchin ya out
If you catch me without the burna burn me
I beg of you shoot off the leg of you and kick ya in the ass
I'm dyin of doom I say I'm sick with cash
These eyes are real see straight through ya liquid ass
You see me straight through the glass house picnic wagon
You could see it by my bitch face she thick with ass
Get slick slick I click click blast on ya bitch ass
Squad up shit click or smash on ya bitch ass
Smash on ya bitch ass
Now pick the grass up out ya ass and the caps out ya cap Aye! 
 
[Chorus - 2X]
Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em
Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em
Who gon fuck wit me I got the blazer for 'em
Who gon fuck wit me do you wanna fuck wit me Naw!
 
Hustle boy sell a nick to ya mom I'll sell a brick out ya house
I'll sell a brick to a house nigga
I'll send a clip to ya mouth back of the gun to ya nose
Front of the gun to ya clothes I let it rip and I bounce
Lights off young Teddy Pender is out
Mask on scare the fuck out ya but ya ass grown
I wasnt born with no silver spoon
But I can heat it in a spoon and pitch it in a balloon
Tomb sittin in ya room sing for me
But if ya don't gimmie no tune the semi go boom
But if ya dont hear me doe fool the semi go boom 
I'm try to make moves but they gimmie no room
I takes my space I blaze the haze take ya babe to space
She gimmie amazing face I sung Amazing Grace
I was once lost but now I'm found
Full of them pounds is how I'm found Aye!
 
[Chorus - 2X]
 
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in da head Whoa!
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in da face Whoa!
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in da neck Whoa!
Rim low all I can see is the flow now let's go!
 
I know how to cook so I buy it soft
I also sell it soft depending the cost
You know thats shells they toss defending they boss
They wipes 'em well across ya dentures like floss
You know I smell ya talk and I swear I knows bullshit and pussy near or far
Ya'll niggaz better gear up for the comin of the boy
From a young'n to a boy to young boy boy
I dump toys boy at ya punk boy toys
Take the pump out the trunk take a chunk out a chump
Baby what have I done I created a monster
Weezy Baby a gangster no wankster
Hell naw I smell ya'll
Didnt know Jam Master well but I rocks wit my shells on
And the block still a hell zone
Get a helmet for you and ya gals dome I suggest! Aye!
 
[Chorus - 2X]
 
Bang 'em in da head whoa!
Bang 'em in da face whoa!
Bang 'em in da neck whoa!
Rim low all I can see is the flow now let's go
 
Bang 'em in da head whoa!
Bang 'em in da face whoa!
Bang 'em in da neck whoa!
Rim low all I can see is ya hoe now let's go* send corrections to the typist

(Baby and Lil Wayne talking)
Weezy
What up pop. What up pop
Fuck what they heard it's what they need to know nigga
(They sayin C.A.R.T.E.R. yep!)
Ya feel me. Hey nigga we done built this shit from the ground up now homie
Believe that daddy. It ain't no lookin back from here. We too strong

(chorus)
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
Cause thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark yea)
And thats the only way we get down (We get down)
And thats the only way we was taught (We was taught)
And everything we got we bought (We bought)
And real niggaz still shine in the dark (Still shine in the dark fuck a law Oh!)
Cause thats the only way we get down

(verse)
I down down a brother we ain't cut from the same cloth you Downy soft
Bullets separate ya body compound a busta
I'ma find ya if ya hidin I'm a bounty hunter
In ya home puttin dick all down ya woman
You come home we in the bedroom countin money
I bring her home and I fuck her on a thousand hundreds
Then I shoot the nasty bitch in the mouth for nothin
I say Birdman Birdman whats good today
We ain't never let them niggaz take our food away
And we recognize real and got a rude awakenin
And woke up together and our life was better
I'm the Cash Money son I never like fa cheddar
Not a rat though hat low Nike is leather
Lil maw twist to get my life together
Ya bitch meet me at the bar and we night together Cut!

(chorus)

(verse)
Throw my weight like Sherman Klump
I gotta hold up my estate like Donald Trump
And I aim kinda straight when it's time to pump
I bring the pump when it's time to punk
Wrapped around my waist like a cumber bun
Dont make a nigga pump (clap clap) you up!
I come in that new thing she threw up
Now yo' bitch ass gotta clean yo' shoe up
I'm rich as fuck and I never blew up
Buisness mug gotta get my loot up
Bet ya bitch get fucked if I ever met her
Bet ya ditch get dug you ever step up
One by one I push 'em down fat bullet fat head make a pussy sound
Hard head soft ass make a gushy ground I'm straight from a crooked town
Like that bitch!

(chourus)

(verse)
I give my arms and my legs to the game I'm ahead of the game
I dead any mane if he said any thing but it's cool as long as nigga paid when he came
And I'm a fool wit the flame and the caine
Cut it just a little bit but the drain stay the same yea
Young Wayne and the pain and the stain still remain
On the chest where the four made a mess yes
I'm still here in the flesh 21 year old legend I'ma live way after my death
I sacrifice whateva thats left
I give ya'll the last of my breath like..(exhales)
Write it down take a picture record a copy
Press pause only way you stop me fucker
I'ma get mine and make you not me
Spit wine at ya face if you watch me Bitch!

(chorus)

And thats the only way we gettin down nigga Cash Money CMB man
You already know we here neva left fuck 'em
See me if you got a problem boy
Im at home all day man. Its not a game
Stunna, whats really good wit 'em we ain't neva let 'em take our food away
Fresh you nasty on this on dawg. Ugh
This one, this is the Carter Beotch!* send corrections to the typist

[Hook - repeat 2X]
Don't let your mouth open up
Cuz you don't wanna see the handgun open up, no
Don't let your mouth open out
Cuz you don't wanna see the automatic open out, no

[Verse 1]
Aint no snitches ridin wit us
Ol mo the mouth niggaz could holla the front
Cant no loose slips get on my yacht
I leave player haters at the dock, watch
And your nigga help ya burn the block
As soon as you get hot nigga turn to cop
Ya settin up federal appointments now
Nigga all in court pointing out
Daddy not knowing what he doin his child
We gon mail him his finger when he get out, yea
Just to show him what we's about
Never let shit about G'z leave ya mouth, yea
You inside can't leave ya house
Two donut lovers to police ya house
I sneak past those brothers leak in ya house
And put the heat dead in yo mouth, so shut up

[Hook - repeat 2X]

[Verse 2]
Wizzy nigga been bout me
Stay low so you don't know shit bout me
Make no mistake I'm a veteran at
Me never rat mommy taught me better than that
Get a gat if you ain't got one already
If you do then you ain't got enough get two
And you could never get me nigga get you
And you ain't got to fuck me girl fuck you
I'm rollin wit my goons
And I would never roll on my nigga take that to my tune
aint no girl came out of mom's wound
Real nigga shit muthufucker I'm tuned, and I was taught
If a man talk about another man while that man ain't present
A man don't listen
They throwin brick but they hands is missin
Just watch what you sayin sissy

[Hook - repeat 2X]

[Verse 3]
Aint no telling who spillin the earl
You telling yo boy he tellin his girl
O, Now she telling the world
It ain't no secret I'm hotter than etha
But I don't neither cop shit neither
Either close yo mouth or meet the heater
We the dirty south where cocaine cheaper
You go up north nigga's boost they fee up
This where the real hustlers meet up
Look out anybody can be them people
Yo own people could be them people
No glasses can help you see them people
They around too many evil people
Detectives wanna get even equal
My desert eagle ain't even legal, but sssshhhhhhhh

[Hook - repeat 2X]

[talking]
Yea nigga watch the people around you watch the people away from you
Leave them niggaz be let them stay from you
These niggaz mouth's is runnin like hot water, I swear to God
Real niggaz takin falls like Niagara
Tryna stay up like Viagra, but it ain't gon happen
These niggaz is best buddies wit the 5-0 team they know the DA by name
It ain't a game it used to be one
Its like these niggaz got them big ducks in they mouth that the ????
Use when yo bitch get a ????
That's pussy anyway
WeezyHoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, hoes
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, hoes

[Mannie]
Let's Go!

[Wayne]
You gotta talk like a pimp
What's good mama, you knew better
You'd do better, who better
Than that nigga with the crisp white tee
Icy white sneaks, jeans to a fitta
You do better gettin yo ass off up in that coupe bitch
Sit yo ass on that new leather and regroup bitch
It's only me you bitch, on our way to tha stoop
I'm the Birdman Jr., you ain't know
And don't gimme that silly bullshit about you ain't, hoe
I move you to my city, put yo ass in UNO
I have you looking pretty hit the ave. now get tha dough
That Gucci gon fit cha like you posed to be in pictures
I got computer love baby Wayne a change ya image
You need Wizzy them other boys just gimmicks
Me, I'm just game, green, and straight physics, Is ya wit it
Yea, I ain't even tryin ta hit it
Imma get it when it's time ta get it
Let's talk about

[Chorus]
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, these hoes
I don't love 'em
Hoes, let's just talk about hoes
Can we talk about hoes, these hoes
Motherfuck 'em

[Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, the great Manuella

[Mannie]
I got this rat named Shelly that love Makavelli
Number 5 combo meals and splashin KY jelly
I have old school shorty, still drink a forty
Grab the mic, start a fight, and fuck up the whole party
Baby you should leave, adjust yo weave
That's velcro, hell no, bitch go wit Steve
I got this lead singer bitch from a popular group
I would say her name, but she bought me a coupe
Got this super hoe Shawna, smell like marijuana
How she dig Lil Wayne, but she love the Big Tymers
Got pretty girl Patrice found out I'm fuckin her niece
She tried to stab me, so I grabbed her and we called the police
Mister Officer, the bitch done lost it bruh
She goin to jail, oh well, I be fuckin her
See two dyke Spanish twins nuts pressed on they chin
Will we go video, well nigga, that depends

[Chorus]

I got old school bitches and new school hoes
Female basketball players with cornrolls
And I don't like short-haired girls, no not really
If I do, she gotta look like the old Halle Berry
Or the broke Toni Braxton, the first Lil Kim
But I still take hood rats and work with them
Put yo ass in a jag and I drop ya quick
Give ya ass a lil game, if ya smirk ya in
I'm a pimp, not a simp, like ice in my drink
And I don't think twice or blink cause I'm focused
Rollin in the whitest mink like I'm polar
Bear, yea, let down my hair
Get jazzy on a bitch like Fred Astaire
Rose gold in her face get her red as glare
My Bentley plum, my Mercedes pear
I am lookin for a freak, mama take me there, yea

[Chorus] 2x* send corrections to the typist

[Baby talking to Wayne]
Ay Wayne
I know this bullshit that I'm hearing ain't true right
Ya feel me
These niggaz out here picking bullshit over money nigga
But you know what fuck a nigga
We gone keep grinding this shoe box is full

[Chorus: Baby]
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The only way we live it only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga
The only way we get it only way we know to get it
Off the block, off the clip, off the cain nigga
The way we live it is the only way we know to live it
On the grind tote a nine do yo thang nigga

[Verse 1]
Well I'm a 17 nigga got that hollygrove in me
It ain't coming to me so I gotta go get it
You ain't fucking with me I got the hottest flow nigga
There ain't nothing to see because I'm not in yo vision
On and I'm gone get fed up one day
Put lead up in the K
Come and hit up where ya stay so
Baby momma betta get up out the way
Cause the bullet got no heart
And the trigger man crazy
Little man if a bigger man jumps through
Then I'm in the hood with the pump in the truck looking
But if you ain't in them cuts or on them benches
Im a park the fucking truck and knock yo door off the henges
Yes weezy baby flow off the henges
So off the tempo no pad or pencil
Well let me go back to what men do
Throwback Benz purple, Throw back 22's Bitch

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Weezy F. Baby hand cocked
Demand my cheese
Fuck you pay me
And I can't stop
Please, what you crazy?
Man I'm a get it like the man on the chorus
Got my hand on a fortune
Bang at ya porches, Bang at ya window
Kidnapp ya neighbors, torture ya kinfolk
And tell the cops I murder the infoer
Leave him on the precinct steps in a pillow
Niggaz wanna keep they breath then tell 'em get low
I got ten left in the tech so what they here fo
Nigga you ain't scaring nothin weezy been a tiger in the jungle since a cub
With my paws in the mud, yeah me and my paw in the mud
Interior mayback like what, Bitch nigga!
Its the Birdman and Birdman Jr
And he ain't got to his son a shoot ya blah

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Homeboy you gotta know that avenue
To get off a bag or two or you just passin through
True true, and we just passed the truth
Passin through the streets of the murder capital
Where you think ya own brothers after you
So you ain't got no other brother after you
Dont let the boys in blue capture you
Cause they got pictures of me at it too
Its all fucked up
Bossman weezy get y'all touched up
Gat blacked ya face like ya run into a wall or something
Its cash money all or nothing
Its Lil Wayne the reverand call it Sunday
The congregation know I come with nothing
But leave with everything, I ain't come for nothing
And the choir know I come with money
And y'all know I'm Stunnas youngin like dat bitch

[Chorus]* send corrections to the typist

(Jazze Pha)
[Lil' Wayne]
[Speak to them Jazze]
I
[Yea fly guy]
I'm way more fly than you
[That's right]
I'll take your dime from you
[That's right]
Now she wanna spend all night with me
[She wanna wake up with Weezy-F baby]
Let me be the one that you roll with too, baby
[Throw it back ma, throw it back, throw it back, throw it back ma]
I'd like to spend the rest of my night with you
[Yea so how bout you, so how bout you]

[Lil' Wayne]
I'll take your bitch give her back; take your bitch again
That's because you throw a 5 I pitch a 10
Now she wanna get inside of me 66
She sees that my wrist is blue and yellow like Michigan
She say she love her man she misses him
But nobody do it better than her distance dick (me)
I'm her long distance pimp
When I land my bitches want for me on the strip (yup)
And I don't lie I confess, I'm the one who turn that orange vest to a dress
Gotta dress to impess though, Gotta stay clean, plus momma in a Lex 4
She with me, what you expect, I live to be fly to death
It's the bird man jr. sincerely yours
When it rains it pours, when it rain it whores

(Chorus)
[Li' Wayne]
Now why you wanna go do that
I can see through that
Tattoo right there like I view that
Girl what that say, what who that
Bet he was lame, bet he Lil' Wayne (no)
Cus I'm way more flyer
Have you hanging round a bunch of yayo buyers (nop)
And not a day go by us, we don't get high than the telephone wires
Cut your telephone we riding where phones don't roam they don't even come on
You're far from home so leave it alone
You creeping with the king of the throne
You sleeping in a tee and a thong
With your hair in a pony
I ain't got no blinds we can stare at the morning (yup)
But I can't be there all morning
Girl I'm a pimp, I'm going, going, going, gone

(Chorus)
[Lil' Wayne]
I'm Sorry I was grooving
Gotta love that laid back Mannie Fresh music
But let's get back to what we were doing
Laid back in that black on plat Ewing's
That's 33 tires he fire
These streets ain't papaya ma
You gotta keep heat on your side
2 must
So I'm a get 3 more and cop you one
Wait, naw hun cus you ain't exempt
If your ass ever trip I'll give you a clip (yea)
But I love the way your jeans suck in your hip
And you walk kinda mean how you strut with a dip
And you talk kinda clean and you lick your lips
But I can't fall for you cus I stick to the scrip (yup)
I said I stick to my grip; I stick to my money, that's life to me
Sorry honey Jazze

(Chorus)
[Lil' Wayne]
So how bout you yea
So how bout you
See what I'm talking bout sweet heart you ain't even gotta have John Madden
you ain't gotta have Dick Vitale, you ain't gotta Lee Carsole
you ain't gotta have Stuart Scott, you ain't gotta have Linda Cohn
know what I'm talking bout, you ain't gotta have the staff of ESPN
you ain't gotta have ABC staff just to talk sports baby cus I got game
Just fuck with the boy and I'll get you a jersey
What you want me to put on the back
Daddy's little that's right, see what I'm talking bout
I can't give you the game but I can show the game
and you can see what you see and peek how you peek and get what you get
know what I'm talking bout
Weezy
 * send corrections to the typist
 
Hey Hey Hey!

[Chorus]
Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers
And everybody saw you and aint that a bitch!
 
And this here is the Carter oh! yo! And this here is the Carter yo! oh!
This one here is just to clarify the fact that I'm a muthafuckin mack
This one here is just to verify the fact that I got straps on my back
This one here is just to clarify the fact that the boy is back! Oh!
 
[Verse One]
Slick as I wanna be born to be hustla gonna be rich till I'm gone
Gonna keep spittin this shit for the hustlaz gonna keep livin this shit I'm gutless
Bet I'm gonna reap this when I'm gone defeat this while I'm here
Gonna keep beatin this street shit in ya ear
Gonna speak in every single street this year 
My shit beat in every jeep on every street this year
Wizzle F Baby ya'll niggaz can have the Weezy I'm the Birdman Jr. junior
I'm a man to another man to a bitch I'm a pimp in the whip I'm a hundred grand
And in the streets I'm a money man
And I'm a hunt it with the streets I get money in the streets like a hundred men
A hundred proof in my other hand 
If ever fall spring back like a rubberband know what I'm sayin
 
[Chorus]
Because the cops is watchin the streets is talkin
Ya hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers
And everybody saw you and aint that a bitch
The cops is watchin streets are talkin
Hoes is unfaithful ya family ungreatful
Ya niggaz aint loyal you niggaz aint lawyers
And everybody saw ya and aint that a bitch

[Verse Two] 
Now all the bitches got me strollin wit my dick in my hand
And these niggaz got me rollin with my clip on my hip
But this is my land so prick dont trip cause K's dont jam and a nigga dont miss
They tellin me I'm the shit like a nigga dont piss
But nigga dont slip cause I'll kill a punk bitch Word Up!
And I dont affiliate with niggaz I dont love neither bitches just money and drugs nigga
Leave ya bitches ya money and drugs nigga
Three to ya wisdom five more to ya mug nigga
How many more do ya love nigga 
cause I got plenty more to give out I aint never been a mouthpiece
Ask ya reverend bout me I'm the young God
Aim the shotgun at ya frame and bust boy
Brain and guts leak in the drain and such pour
Plain yuk at a fuck boy. Fuck Boy! 
 
[Chorus]

[Verse Three] 
I'm a muthafuckin man so respect me as one or the tech meet ya ass son
The tech heat ya ass son put ya fuckin chest beneath ya ass son
Blooka blook blap bleep ya ass son (laughin)
Nigga tryin to see his grandson and we 
got niggaz in the pen tryin to see me wit a Grammy
Wanna be me and don't even understand me
Could'nt see me even if you was standin with me
I'm that damn convincing not invisible that mans invinsible
And advance a little due to the pine
My niggaz call me little Russell Crowe for my beautiful mind
And I let you do the time I do the crime
When the crowd call my name I bring my crew to the line
Nigga thats S.Q. and we fine nigga thats S.Q. and we firrin Nigga!
 
[Chorus] - 2X
 
Ha! Wizzle F Baby fa ya muhfuckin neck nigga
Got Streets in da buildin Gotti in the buildin
KL, Fee Fee in the buildin Rome, DI, Ceeti...[Verse 1]
And in here is where the heroine boil
And I also got a large pot of cigarette or you, that
Embalmment fluid illiterate are you
That's ok man I got the medicine for you
I got, I got, I got the infediment for you
Got that vitamin D R U G for your shorty
One window to let the dawn in
Cuz we hustle in this bitch midnight to morning
We dump in and pump out
I showed you this window for you to jump out
You on the backyard lawn where a nigga got the ganja growin
No cats or dogs, rats or snakes, Sams or Jakes
Round here its all gravy, ham and steak
Mama cookin that up here have a plate
That's mama Carter she's a basket case
But I make sure her sandwich is a napkins straight
You pic wit this picnic and I'm at your face
I say I'm at your throat, this was the carter slam the coke, go

 

 

 Yeah... hard body (hard body)
Carter carter Carter yeah
Lets go

Cash Money Young Money motherfuck the other side
They can fuck with us if they want I bring 'em homicide
Word to my momma I'm gonna continue bombin
Til they gettin out the game it's like comin out of a coma
I'm tryin... but I'm normal when this rap shit get borin
All I ask is that you pray for me (Please)
And the beat keep cryin and I'mma keep beatin her
Fee I'm fuckin her I'm deep in her sleep in her
And what happens when the reaper come (huh?)
I'm just hopin that he sends that elevator up
I made enough I ain't meant shit
So while I'm here I'mma take that and take this (nigga!)
Breakfast yes let's eat wipe ya mouth when ya finished
Then hunt for the lunch and dinner no beginner
To the criminal activity fuck with them they rushin in
Like Seminoles Indians no bow and arrows Harold
Just leaners Cheena just choppers Robert
Carter II tell me how is you gon stop a riot
I lock and seal it up the best I could feel it (yeah!)
I'm in the lead I can pop a wheelie (got em!)
Not for rookies late bloomers stay in the womb (GO!)
I'm here muhfucker make room... BOOM!
Young Tune the big kahuna
It's my ocean baby y'all niggaz is tuna
Better now than sooner junior
Fly around ya city try and take another tune ya
I ain't goin nowhere special I won't never leave
Shit I'm already a legend if I ever leave
Game get rid of me? Not little me
Man I got 'em I'mma get 'em B (I got 'em B)
I'm hungry like I didn't eat
I want it like I didn't see a mill before seventeen
What the fuck you niggaz tellin me?
You pups can't keep up with the pedigree
Catch me where the weather be somewhere in the seventies
Call myself settling palm trees Promethezine but whats new?
Sometimes I can't cut through that rough loop
Get fucked so many times til it's fuck you (fuck em!)
So how you wan' do it baby we can get it
All you gotta do is say it and I'm wit it
Money and murder you my nigga my jelly preserver
I'mma ride baby til the judge give me a verdict yeah
Hear me or heard me I get it and serve it
Cuz everytime I did it I hit it and hurt it yeah
Now I kill it the mission accomplished
The niggaz abolished the bitches astonished
Then they pay homage when did they find it but
Now that they know it's a must I remind 'em so
They don't forget it I underline it and
I'm in the sky when the thunder's cryin young'n
I been through all that I done done what you sayin
I put it down when the others was playin
When the jungle was open I rolled in with the riders
Stole food from the bears and bought it back to the lions
Quote unquote with the eighth I'm a gorilla but lighter
Wit the eye of a tiger the heart of a fighter yeah
Start 'em ignite 'em I walk through fire
Watch the flames start multiplyin whoo! yeah
Alter a nigga nina talk to a nigga
Take a chunk outcha body like a shark bit a nigga
I'm awkward like Cartwright fuck wit a nigga
Shot ugly but my arch right come on dog bark bite
Fork in the road I'm always goin right
Nowadays knowin life ain't no more road lights
We can't see but we gon make it to the finish line
It's right there the goal line right behind the scrimmage line
Touchdown check the scoreboard gimme mines
Semi 9 fit me fine hit a nigga twenty times
Damn then one more to the face (BOW!) just
So they close the casket like I pay to close the case
I'm made straight mafia shit front line
Top rank ready to die for my shit and the obvious shit
If I talk about my robbery they prolly get rich
So fuck 'em I'mma let 'em sit
And I ain't duckin cuz I'm right here I'm just enough
I don't care who at the top of the stairs I'm steppin up
See you fuckin up the money baby that ain't good business
You startin to look like a witness and this is
For the gangstas and the bitches the hustlers and the hoes
Crossover whatever mainstream know
Cuz Wayne thinks silent Wayne'll never fold
You heard it right here if the game was ever told
Lift up ya toes and look under a rug
Trust me there's history under all that dust
So deep down in the dirty there lies us (who?)
Yeah Cash Money Records and I'm still up front
Stunna pop a bottle baby peel us a blunt
Lets eat and talk about all them niggaz we cut
What? You know what? Lets not fuck up our lunch
Thats real shit if you ever seen such
Chuch

Tha Mobb
nigga[Lil Wayne talking]
So they ask me young boy what you gonna do the second time around
How you gon come back I tried to told them
I come back like 32 I jump back like 33 (ugh)
Hit me it's nothin this is Tha Carter II people
This is Tha Carter II people (hey)

[Verse 1]
They call me Mr. Carter I kissed the daughter
Of the deads forehead I killed the father
Spilled the heart of a mildew hater
I will put them body on chill like gla-ciers
Gracias I'm crazy yes it's obvious
Going against me is atheist
I got my angels on my shoulders and a quarter of that angel dust
I ain't sniffin I'm just pitchin ya honor I ain't snitchin ya honor
Hate bitch niggaz bitches with power
Vacate when the kitchen get hotter
I just sit on the counter open the cabinet close the cupboard
Put that jar in the skillet drop a 4 in the bubbles
I remember being young tryin to hustle my dough
Tryin to tell the old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Tryin to tell you fool you chump that my mack ain't broke
You ain't tryin to see how far that black backlane go
No call me pacman you ghosts is blue
I got my red river rubies and my oceans blue
Jewlery usually I'ma hooligan for the money
Yeah I'm eatin but I got a tapeworm in my tummy oh
Make harm in the bomb you in public
Hit you with the straight arm no warning nothin
Look it's mornin no yawnin or nothin
I ain't sleep and I'm up tryin to take a nigga lunch
You gon make a nigga break a nigga fronts
Then shake a nigga shorts and we takin what we want
I'm so 5-0-4 you got to kill me here
If you ever lookin for me bitch I will be here
Cash Money is an army envy seal me here
Lot of niggaz ran from it but I'll still be here
No chrome on the continental I'm so fundamental
Crack the phill' crack the roof and roll up the window
And my hood love me they tell me bring it home
Thats why I holla Hollygrove on each and every song
You leapin at a dog a dog wit no bark
Just a bite like an old shark
And all you bitch niggaz no par
I'm talkin bout stunna
He like keep ya door he got ya whole winters
Sunshines on the king and sets on the prince
I met the birdman and I been shinin ever since like that (echo)Yeah

[Chorus 2X with variations]
Money on my mind
Money on my mind
Money on my mind
Money money on my mind
Money on my mind
Money on my mind
Money money on my mind
So money is all I think of

Steppin out the motherfuckin car they in awe
I'm lookin like a star bitch when you see me make a wish
Holla at ya motherfuckin boy J.R.
Birdman my pa bitch ball bred born rich
Dear Mr. Toilet I'm the shit
Got these other haters pissed cause my toilet paper thick
I know but trip and that forty make a chip
Out a potato head wimp and like ranch I dip
And the hustle was all muscle just strength
When it comes to that weight I don't struggle I just lift
I got my hand on the game yeah I make a grip
Hundred grand in my fist same on my wrist
Get key money from a quarter blame it on my wrist
I whip coke like hoes nigga I'm a pimp
Lil nigga bout to rape the market
If we talkin bout money baby now we talkin

[Chorus]

[Hook: during Chorus]
Fuck bitches (3X)
Get money (3X)
Get money fuck bitches
Fuck bitches get money
Fuck bitches get money

Yeah
Nigga get it in a slump if you know how
In the heart of the summer we need a snow plow
What you know bout that baby its yo time
Coke transactions on the phone we call it blowjob
Too fast for the feds too cocky for the cops
Had to ditch my old bitch gettin sloppy wit the pots
Hoppin off the boat meetin papi at the docks
He tell me I'm gainin weight I tell him I'm gettin paid
Money over bitches I'm yellin it to the grave
Developed at a young age go after what pays
These Gabana sunshades block the sunrays
I drop a car note in the mall on the first day
I gotta get it even if its in the worst way
That cake like it's it's my birthday
New Orleans my birthplace ya heard me
Where moneys more important than the person
Nigga

[Chorus] + [Hook: during Chorus]

Twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dollar
I'm diggin in the game tryna get some money out her
I'm so vain its a problem
It ain't a stain on these Pradas I'm just bein modest
Got me a goddess sure how to divide it
She still down and she don't get none of the profit
We around the city let the tints hide me
Thats a cold muhfucker whoever inside it
Forever symbolizing the grind it don't walk to you
I make it run like horses do
Giddy up baby if you got it then hit 'em up baby
I know its crazy but I can't get enough baby
I love it I fuckin love it
I'm a self made millionaire fuck the public
Ridin to myself cause I don't fuck with nothin
Pistol on my lap on the way to the money

[Chorus] + [Hook: during Chorus][Chorus]
I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out

[Verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin with me man, Heatman
Ski Mask spending next weeks cash, he fast
And I don't even need a G pass, I'm past that
I'm passing em out now and you can't have that
Hear my chain, Toucan Sam that
Tropical colors you can't match that
Gotta be abstract
You catch my gal legs open betta smash that
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
I see she wearing them jeans that show her butt crack
My girls can't wear that why that's where my stash at
I put my mack down that's where you lack at
She need her candlelit and I'ma wax that
I rekindle the flame
She remember he name
It's Weezy Baby January December the same
Mama gimme that brain
Mama gimme that good
Cause I'm the fireman
You hear the firetruck

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out

Fresh on campus it's the Birdman Jr
Money too long teachers put away ya rulers
Raw tune not a cartoon
No shirt, tattoos, and some walk wounds
I'm hot but the car cool
She wet that's a carpool
Been in that water since a youngin you just shark food
Quick Draw McGraw I went to art school
Yeah the lights is bright but I got a sharp views
Don't snooze
Been handling the game so long my thumb bruise
Ya girlfriend is old news
Yeen got enough green and she so blue yeah
Cash Money Records where dreams come true
Everything is easy baby leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot let it steam let it brew
Now watch it melt don't burn ya self

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out

Ridin' by myself well really not really
So heavy in the trunk make the car pop-a-wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby or call me Young Baby
My money 360, you only 180
Half of the game too lazy
Still sleepin' on me but I'm bout to wake em
Yep! I'm bout to take em to New Orleans and bake em
Yeah it's hot down here take a walk with Satan yeah
Come on mama let The Carter make ya
Toss ya like a fruit salad strawberry crape ya
They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature
Addicted to the game like Jordan and Peyton
Yall in a race and me I'm at the finish line
They running foot too long it's time to gimme mine
Straight down ya chimney and ya living room is I
Weezy allergic to wintertime

[Chorus]
I'm the Fireman
Fire, Fa, Fireman
I got that fire I'm hollering
I got that fire come and try me and
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne] + (Jamaican woman toasting in the background)
Yea Light

[Hook]
Mo fire yea, Weezy, mo fire yea
mo fire yea, give 'em mo fire yea

[Verse 1]
I diddy bob, my fiddy cocked, my city hot, I'm dodgin the city cops
I play 'em like pitty pat, shit, I'm kickin back, yea, these bitches is really rats
I fuck 'em and give 'em back, I really mack, yea, how real is that
you love 'em you really wack, I hustle and bend my back
my muscle is intact, my bicepts and tricepts is ah yes!

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I come at you, yea, its somthin new, the color is smurf blue
I'm puffin that purple believe it if a talk it I walk it like Hershel
I get it like getters on the commercial, first two
this is verse two, it is worst to, ill murk you, like I birthed you
you niggaz small bubbles, ill burst you, then spit you out and have your
girlfriend slurp you, my jewlery earth blue, some say its earth green
I'm like whutever my shit mean and obscene
now I've been seen on a lot of different scenes
That mean I got a lot of different cream

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I raise mo fire to the man up higher
I lick a shot to let him know that I'm a rider
yea, my dreads hang to let him know that I'm a lion
represent the jungle when the others just trying
I rpresent my mother like baby stop cryin
I know my pops will come but guaranteed
he'll see us shinin, now you are lookin at New Orleans finest
now you are being blinded by European diamonds
and you will see it two or three time and
Got your vision all fucked up now you can't even find me
And I ain't even hiding naw, I'm right here baby
she wanna walk with me, I'm like yea baby
Mighty man with the shotty to his head
Rockabye his ass to sleep rock it lay him down to bed
I put you in my pocket right next to the condoms homie
you ain't nothin but a profit

[Hook] - repeat variations to fade[Verse 1]
Bring the crowd and I'm loud _In Living Colour_
It is Weezy fuckin' baby got these rappers in my stomach
Yumi, I'm takin' it I ain't asking them for nothing
If you sell a million records we can battle for ya' money
I rather count a hundred thousand dollars on a sunday
Watch a football game and bet it all on one play
Still stuntin' baby yes I'm still flossin
Latest car on the market wit the top peeled off it
Big wheels make it look a lil bulky
You look a lil salty have ya' self a chill coffee
Chill out the girls is still out
Even though I am a boss and got papers to fill out
I'm busy I got paper to reel in
God I hope they steppin' at the end of my rod
And I hope I'm fishing in the right pond
And I hope you catchin' on to every line
Who am I?

[Hook]
The Best Rapper Alive (4x)
Swagger right (check) game tight
And they gon R-E-S-P-E-C-T me
(who) The Best Rapper Alive (4x)
Swagger right (check) game tight
And you should be afraid be very afraid

[Verse 2]
The heart of New Orleans
Thumpin' and beatin'
Livin' and breathin'
Stealin' and feedin
Peelin' and leavin'
Killin' and grievin'
Dearly departed erased deleted
No prints no plates no face no trace
Out of sight out of mind
No court no case
Sell his chain celebrate block party second line
Zulu ball essence fest jazz fest mardi gras
Shorty bounce body rock
Now he drop now he got
Family cry tell the feds tell the cops
Smell the rat comin' back to the house
To the spot tap tap knock knock who is dat
(Pow!)trigga man hoodie man tell the kids
Boogie man pistol pete ammo mammal gun man blum blam!
Damn Sammie you dun' fucked up
Pussy ass niggaz put ya' nuts up
Just call me

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Fuck up wit all these rookie MCs
(whew!) smell like a bunch of pussy to me
Fuck Em!
Fuck 'em good fuck long fuck 'em hard
Fuck who? Fuck 'em all
(yeah)like dat jus like dat
I'm on dat money train and the mac'll knock 'em off track
The quarterback well protected from the +Warren Sapp+
The young heart attack I spit dat cardiac
You can't see me baby boy you got dat catorax
I'm right here straight out the hood jus like an alley cat
Since everyone's a king where the fuckin' palace at
Me I got calus on my hand I can handle dat
Its no problem baby I so got 'em
Its just a victory lap baby I'm jus joggin'
And I ain't even out of breathe
the motherfuckin' best yet sorry for cursing
Who?

[Hook]* send corrections to the typist

[Chorus] 2x
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now its time to floss

[Verse 1]
22 year old 17 war vet
Life in the fast-lane, little red corvette
Little red handkerchief, hangin out the right side
Back pocket jeans fallin, Couple my evisu signed
Yep we do shine, and they gon' hate
But they hated Jesus baby we won't break
So we ride like 4 Pirelli's
So secured no security, no protectin no comparing
Lok and heavy, Ocean 11
Aviators, both tickers, so figures
No playas, I'm Holly Grove to the heart
Hollygrove from the start
Don't cross Earhardt
Boulevard where the ward I come from
171 shot, never that (blum blum)
Brrrt Brrrt! Pop Pop! Clap Clap!
What the fuck, Hollygrove stand up Nigga!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Get 'em get 'em Weezy hit 'em where you kill 'em easy
Sit 'em in the river, leave em, they find 'em tomorrow evening
Sinkin or probly drinkin that syrup
Thinkin I won't slip, even though I'm leanin like a broke hip
He don't know I got the nina wit the 4 clip
Thats a somersault back spin full flip for ya?
Push this button, I flip out and hit something
Miss nothin I'm just bustin until this scene clean
12 hundred for the jeans stop playin
Hundred dollars for the glock in my pants
Who the man? I am when I stand with it pointed right at ya face
Knock the brains from the back of ya neck for lack of respect
I- strap a jet black gat 'til the deck
Tell the mama to bury me with that, No Bullshittin'
My hood getting kinda crazy where I be
So Ronie's with me cuz he's the OG

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Fresh out the back seat of the figgity phantom
The haters I make 'em mad 'em when I wave at 'em like what up?!
If it ain't about money I keep goin
I tryna get that green, niggaz tryna mow my lawn
But Fuck, them boys I got the shottie on my arm
If them boys run up I leave their bodies on the lawn
And Duck the fuck out a there, cuz baby its hot out there
If this was a movie it's time to roll the credits, cut!
Its all over, all of ya brains is all over the motherfuckin' block!
I'm a motherfuckin' rock!
Hard body eagle street 17 shots
Night vision double-clip, hot steady beam, glat! Pop!
Drop little man drop
This is not for little bitches you man or a fox
I'm layin in the drop, thinking of more money
Cash money, young money
Take money, your money

[Chorus][Intro]
Oh No, No, Oh No, No
Oh No, No, Oh No, No, Oh No, No

I play the bullshit from the backseat champ
Yea I'm in the backseat still got the seat back
Feet back stay from where the fake be at
Niggaz snitch for the shine where the patience at
Nigga make his own brother face his back
Give love and take it back
Good grief man this world is quite heavy on my aching back
Cops killing for crack you know the story snakes eat rats
Face the facts you can't change him can't shoot it if you can't aim it
Can't miss him if he kill you then you can't blame him
That's just how the dice roll when you can't fade him
Get too deep up in that water and they can't save ya
Me I come out of that water like I was just bathing
And watch my step on a wet pavement
Yea I'm from the hood so I rep 'em where I can't take em
Holly Grove Holly Grove was his last statement
So nigga get that look off your face
And recognize you got a crook in the place
They call me W-E-E crooked letter Y I'm so high
I skeet skeet in any nigga dime like she's mine
Streetsweeper in the back of the hatch make me pop the latch
Leave you bloody with the cops to match
Bullet holes in ya from the chopper blast
Like... Ha ha
That's bullet holes in your sneakers got you hoppin back
It all stop when they hit you in ya top and back
No cocking back silly motherfucker you ain't heard bout this
The clip sink down to the dick
That's a automatic shotty from a drum they call tommy
Garunteed to get you bitches from by me
When I hit every piece of ya physical body he leakin'
Mortimer is no longer leapin' he sleepin'
While you pussy niggaz is sleepin he thinkin
Deep in thought the boy ain't even linkin
Bob Marley got me stinkin
Stackin figures I'm standin firm life's a slinky
Pipes is filled with crack cocaine
And the dope go inside of the veins from where I came
Though I bear a name only one call live with
Coach they won't knock me off my pivot forget it
I'm sicker with it
Pick a city buy a condo find a fine hoe let some time go chill
What you know about a bongo having her mind goOver a convo about dough
Nothing! Man the four wheelers look so good on the sand
Tee or tanktop pocket fan
Pocket knife no handgun in sight
Just that rat tat tat tat tat tat tat tat BOOM!
Ha ha tonight I might just boost my feature price
Cuz to each its own and the lights is bright
And I'm feelin like Mike at a Tyson fight
I'm from Cita house big momma's house
She told me to shoot ya right after I knock ya out
And he ain't gettin up after them shots if you hit him in the right spot
Hold up the beat might drop

[Outro]
Oh No, No, Oh No, No* send corrections to the typist

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Chea
What's up baby?
I ain't tryin to do nothin but get my grown man on
Heh
I ain't tryin to hurt chu
Only if you want me to
Hehe
Yeah something like that

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah What's happenin baby I'm Lil Wayne from New Orleans
Fresh out the Navy now the captain of my own team
Hop in this machine, vanish from the scene
God damn it I'm so manish, handle it like a standard
So put your panties and your pants by the trashcan
Grown man on the floor plans, We hold hands while we rollin
Just trying to keep up with the program, Just tryin to sneak up on ya
Like how you doin, ma'am? I'm an old soul and a young man
We got to it and we didn't stop til the birds hit the block
And she ain't never had it like that hahaha

[Chorus: Lil Wayne] + (Currency)
Girl, you are so fine
I wish that I could get you over here girl
Tonight so I
Could get my grown man on with you
You are so fine
I wish that I could get you over here girl
Tonight so I
Could get my grown man on with you
[Background of second time]
(You don't know bout it, I'm on my grown man x4)

[Verse 2: Currency]
Now I don't really hit the club but tonight I'ma make an acception
But for some reason, I can't seem to keep my eyes out your direction
I'm looking at you so hard I could probably catch a charge
Feeling the way that you walk, when you move, your booty applauds
Damn, I gotta keep my composure
Gotta attack my mission, handle business like a solider
Young man, young money, but the money long
Currency Tha Hot Spitta so grown
And your perception of me is so wrong
Don't worry bout what you heard bout me and them other birds
Mighta done a little dirt and left a few of them hurt
But whatever has occured they all got what they deserved
And you don't rock like them, I can see it in your eyes
If you ain't good for me then you wearing a disguise
Cause tonight, you looking like miss right
And I'm susposed to be a playa for life but I'd change for ya

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
You ain't no woman
You a baby girl living in a ladies world
And I'm a grown man, the women understand
See what I go through is what I owe you
So you should throw that ass back to me right now
Yea Fly boy, baby sit back relaxin
Cruise with a nigga, destination satisfaction
Who says their baby, she say weezy fuckin baby
I say yes in fuckin deed, she says don't you ever leave
I say, I say but I got money on my mind
Then I tell her nevermind and we do it one more time
Hehe, For a large amount of time
Long, it won't stop til daytime come home

[Chorus]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Damn, look, heh that, oh that right there
That's the sunset girl
Get your visor
Where's those chanelle shades I got you
You always losing things
And I'm always buyin new things heh
I've come a long way, I remember
Remember that block
Look at you, you think you all grown
You ain't no woman
You a baby girl living in a ladies world
And I'm a grown man, the women understand
See what I go through is what I owe you
And you should throw that ass back to me right now[Verse 1]
I tried to talk to him
Quit talkin, I'ma hang ya by your tongue, Yea
Any motormouth could get hung high
We don't fuck wit niggaz like fungi
We don't even hear ya
Hollerin bullshit nigga quit the diaherra
Pistol lie inside of the armrest, um yes
Lay a nigga down in his own mess, don't mess
Playa fuck around wit the homeless, charmless
You can leave out here armless, no homies
Honest, you niggaz is harmless
I'm calm as a Don is supposed to (be)
Costa Nostra, don't ever approach him
Don't get close to him
Shootouts and nothin but rock n roll to him
Leave your blood on the dash, call it rose wood
'Nother murder, 'Nother page out the notebook
It ain't nothin it don't make it if you no good
I tried to talk to him, but then a nigga had to

[Chorus]
Hit 'em up, Hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em up really, I was tryna be calm
But, uh, that chopper Rrrot, put his head in his arms
And man, I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him

Hit 'em up, Hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em up, fuck it make a nigga get loose
He had too much talkin, not enough Deuce'
I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him

Hit 'em up, Hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em up hit 'em up
I ain't even wanna hit 'em but I hit 'em up (*Gun shot*)
I tried to talk to him, I tried to talk to him

[Verse 2]
Y'all take them shoes off your teeth
Stop runnin your mouth
No shoes, no feet, I'll run in your mouth
I'll come to your house, me and my goons
Loadin up bangers, ridin under the moon
Throwin up fingers sayin "My side rule"
If a nigga disagree, ask him "Must I prove?"
That Maybach coupe a cock-eyed fool
And I'm "in it like Bennet" hoe, aren't I cool
But if that thermostat switch and that needle move
Then the attitude switch and the heat'll move
I got that, Shakita banana, clip for the tool
Me the disaster, pity the fool, eat a catastrophe
Swallow the truth, belch reality
How does it taste, Pie to your face, You a bitch nigga
All pussy, stop comin out your lips nigga
I tried to talk him, but then a nigga had to

(Chorus)

[Verse 3]
Real talk boy, chill wit the talk boy
That tommy gun'll tear your neighborhood apart boy
Yeah, leave your feelings in your heart boy
Start with the wrong boy, you end wit a stone boy
Wit your friends, to carry you alone
To a concrete mattress and a fluffy tombstone
Fuck discussion, I ain't in to it boy
I just get to it, let's do it, rip through a boy
Big uzi, tissue the boy
I'm inside lookin out, you just an intruder boy
You need sooches on your smooches boy
But, I tried to talk to him, but then a nigga had to

[Chorus][Intro]
So you made it this far, Heh
We upstairs, I let you up here
You special, Marley, don't shoot
You know what this is?
Still The Carter 2 people x2
Yeah, you still in the carter 2 people
Hey yeah

[Lil Wayne]
All I have in this world is a pistol and a promise
A fist full of dollars, a list full of problems
I'll address them like P.O. Boxes
Yeah I'm from New Orleans, the Creole cockpit
We so out of it, zero tolerance
Gangsta gumbo, I'll serve 'em a pot of it
I'm wealthy, still fuckin wit that block shit
Wet your ass up, head to feet til your sock a drip
Don't strip, you might fall and bust your ass
No snakes at the carter, tell the gardener to cut the grass
I hear 'em but they talking under mass
Stop throwing pebbles at a bulletproof glass
That's Cash Money, honey pie
We ain't runnin, we don't hide sayin fuck the other side
Don't get caught on it, this the dailiest grind
I'll put your heart on it and walk on it
The chalks only for the art homie
How they trace ya after I erase ya
Look around, we at war and you still in preparation
I'm riding for them reperations, No patience
Slow paper is better than no paper
Fast money don't last too long, you gotta pace it
You gotta know that paper
If you got it from a caper, you gotta blow that paper
Gotta know that photo fobia, no kodak moments
Feds walls with my pictures on 'em
Nah, I ain't even in the school yearbook
I don't do too much posin, got a cool killer look
Career crook, get your career took
I'm back like a brizeer hook
Bitch cheer, camoflauge gear, the hunter's here
Better play it by ear, you ain't nothing but a deer
Around here and this here is The Carter
Serve it while it's hot out the pot to your mama
And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter
But get your boys some different sauce, I want the whole enchilada
I got 'em by the collar, watch me drop 'em
On the head at the bottom
You ain't gotta shoot 'em cause I already shot 'em
And I ain't gotta get 'em cause I already got 'em
Get 'emYou already Know (*4X*)

[Lil Wayne]
God Damn
Nix gonna hit a nigga in his head with this one
I'm a paint the city red with this one
I'm ahead with this one
See you fucking with the boy with two toys way before Christmas
No assistance just
that persistance with
that commitment if
I don't get it somebody gonna die tonight
I know my vibe is tight
and I deserve the throne and if the kid ain't right
then let me die on this song
See I be riding just riding alone
With my daddy on my mind like you gotta be kidding
How the hell you ain't here to see a prince do his thing
somtimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Shall be
So I be who I be
That's me
That's Weezy F Baby and
Please say the motherfucking
So I be who I be that's me
That's Weezy F Baby and
Please say the motherfucking

[Hook]
Baby you gotta know
I'm just out here doing what I gotta do for me and you
and we eating
so bitch why the fuck is you trippin'
I'm taking these chances
My head to the sky
My feet on the ground
My fingers to the judge if the money don't move
Then I won't budge won't budge
No I won't budge no
Lord

[Lil Wayne]
Money is the motivation
Facing the avenue
Back touching the wall
Got the weed got the gun
Gotta run when I hear the bird call (Dad)
Hop in that thing and merk off
Swerve off
You know me they call me Birdman Junior
Anybody murderer if Birdman sponsor it
Phantom of the Oprah
All black crop tent locked in
I can let them shots out
you can't get no shots in
Bulletproof
Leave a nigga with a bullet-roof
Shoot ya' in your mouth Leroy
They call him bullet-tooth
I'm like
What it do What it do
There's a full court pressure
I'm just going for the two
If I'm open for the three
I'm a take it in a second
Even if theres one second
I'm a make it it's nothing
I don't take it for granted
I don't take it for nothing
I'm a take it for what it's worth
to the dirt motherfucker
Yeah

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I ain't never killed nobody I promise
And I promise if you try me he goin' have to rewind this track
And make me go back
That thing will go ratttttttt
That boy will lay flat
So flat that
Act is what I preform amongst you haters
Got Nina in my palm and I'm masturbating
Black Peter Pan fly till I die, what you saying
Bathing Ape, Eve Saint, Evisu what I stay in
And got me feeling like Scarface
Like the Cohiba
Streets reply I look right in a four-seater
You know I be out here right in a four-seater
Top Floor of the four seasons
Four of them whores
And they all know how to cook it up
and look I got some
And only one know how to bag
Bitch bundle up
See it's a cold world
So homie bundle up
We ain't on this grind for nothing
So get your hustle up

[Hook] - 2X

[Lil Wayne]
Man Man
This be that hustler music
Young Weezy got that motherfucking huster music y'all
So ride to it y'all
And vibe to it y'all
I'm asking y'all please please
Weezy got the huster music
Young Weezy got that motherfucking huster music
so ride to it y'all
vibe to it y'all
vibe to it y'all
shhhhhhhh* send corrections to the typist

[Intro]
It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away

[Verse One]
young boy, I know you love me like you never loved
you know you couldnt find a better thug
and uh, you been peepin me since I was younger
so young that you even called me your little brother
but I'm all grown up now I got my own money
I'm married and divorced and my daughter is a woman
and guess what? my daughter want another
sister or a brother and you lookin like a mother
I took you from a clubber to a lover
and you took another bitch husband
the other bitch wasnt doin shit for him
she say she did too much, I say she did nothin
she need to quit frontin
I havent hid nothin and you love everything
cant hide ya feelings, can't let my pride conceal it
you got Wayne, I charge it to the game
and baby you can keep the change, but...

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I gotta hold on, hold on to my receipt
to redeem your love, that's exactly what I need
(It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take me away) - 2X

[Verse Two]
Destiny Child CD, song number three
she cater to me till we fall asleep
then we wake up and we pick up where we started
then she make a nigga breakfast (?)
and she on stage waitin for me after my show
so no time for groupies, straight to the top flo'
fresh out the shower, a smile and a towel
then after an hour, she gon need another shower
I'm at home or in the coupe or in the office
or the streets or in the booth, thinkin bout you
and, most of the girls that come by are cute
and they try to holla but they all on mute
and, my old girls turn they face up at me
and, they thrown they purses and they make up at me
cuz you got Wayne, I charge it to the game
and baby you can keep the change but...

[Chorus - 2X]

[Verse 3]
come home smellin food on the stove
she done cleaned the whole house
washed the dishes and the clothes
and we out we do it just how we supposed
look good for the public leave the drama in the Rolls
Royce, choice of car dat we move
and she can (?) some time cause I'm always doin it
you hear them hallways we always doin it
work cut, always feel like the first one
perfect, when a nigga stressed off dat work shit
take away all the pain, make it lesser than dirt
that's why you got Wayne, I charge it to the game
and baby you can keep the change but...

[Chorus 2X]

[Outro]
It's kinda hard sayin this shit to ya face
So I do it over snares and bass
Music take her away[Lil Wayne]
Yea, yea, yea
Weezy baby y'all, don't get shot
Rappin' fire, what you know about it
I brought my homie along for the ride
He strapped, he came here to come out the barrel

[Robin Thicke]
I heard some shouts like "Down on the floor"
Then even louder we got shooters, shooter
I turn around, I was starin' at chrome
Shotgun watches door, got security good
Jumped right over counter
Pointed gun at, wink, he tell her
I'm your shooter, shooter, shooter

My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, shooter (2x)

[Lil Wayne]
I think they want me to surrender
But no, I can't do it (2x)

So many doubt 'cause I come from the South
But when I open up my mouth, all bullets come out
Bang! Die bitch nigga die I hope you bleed a lake
I'ma play x-ray, helpin' y'all see the fake
I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake
Take it offa your plate, eat it right in your face
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
Call me automatic Weezy bitch I keep spittin', pow

[Robin Thicke] + (Lil Wayne)
With all these riches and, all these riches
But ain't no loaners around
They thinkin about shooters that-shooters that
Guns-Girls-Ladies that-Gunners that
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shooter

Put my hands up
They want me with my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, shooter

[Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke)
But I'm not
I just cry mama, I think they, hey
Me think they want me to surrender (Shooter)

And to the radio stations, I'm tired o' being patient
Stop bein' rapper racists, region haters
Spectators, dictators, behind door dick takers
It's outrageous, you don't know how sick you make us
I want to throw up like chips in Vegas
But this is Southern face it
If we too simple then y'all don't get the basics

[Robin Thicke]
Lady walks into a shotgun surprise
Dropped to her knees saw her life before her eyes
He said "Bitch is gonna get it", everybody gon regret it
I'm your, shooter

My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, Shooter (2x)

[Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke)
Me won't surrender, me no pretender

Sock soakin' wet I been runnin' y'all
I reload, every hundred yards I'm comin' forward
Better know me, Lil Wayne just call me lord
Hard, take pain like Tylenols, raw
Way past par, for, I'm some shit you never saw
I take you to the shootout baby win lose or draw
And then they ask who when where how
And, my reply was simply pow!

Mama, I think they, hey, me think they want me to surrender
(Shooter, my hands up, my hands up, they want me to surrender) (2x)

No, me won't surrender, no, no
I promise no surrender
I got my burner
And I'm your shooterYeah... ma gurl get in at 1:15 am
The guitar's cryin right now
Just a couple things goin on in my life, you know

[Verse 1]
Brim leanin, cup tilted, blunt flickin
Get money, fuck bitches
Young Weezy, young pimpin, she love it
I keep goin, she keep cumin, what you know bout it
So bout it...like Master P... but no coward
No I am no Howard the duck duck
Lead showers, black flowers
Black dresses, two hours, closed casket
Ma dough tactics is so crafty
No laughter, I do that after I get the dough bastards
I get the dough faster, what if I flowed faster
Like... oh Nancy the flow's plastic, automatic, I'm
More drastic, ain't no names compared to me
Who are you, where are ya, I can't see, ya air to me
Ya not there to me, I ain't fuckin wit you bitch niggaz
I'm fuckin ya sis nigga, it's Weezy

[Hook - Nikki]
If you don't call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all

[Verse 2]
I'm... slick as an old mac, I'm... sick as a prozac
And... the Carter 1 was the... dick for you hoes trapped
And... this is Tha Carter 2 and... this is the bozack
Diggin you hoes back, quick if I blow back
Got it... gone Rabbit
Fast ma daddy's Rabbit at home
What up pa (what up), what up Pac (what up), what up Pun (what up)
What up Big (what up), what up Solja
As the streets get colder I get chillier
What up Left Eye (what up), what up Aaliyah (what up)
Teck 9 close by touch 'em up
I shoot niggaz in the mouth boy pucker up
Sweet sucker tash gee golly what the fuck
Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from
I chew 'em up like bubble gum... yum yum
Young Weezy so troublesome, what what

[Hook - Nikki]
If you don't call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all

[Verse 3]
I ain't talkin fast you just listenin too slow
I'm... gettin them Benjamins
Can serve like the Wimbledon
If I'm in any predicament, nervous never that
Got a gat to knock whoever back back, very flat
Chest... caved in, mess on the pavement
Splat... cherry wax, rrraaahhh... bury that
Rats... scary cat, rrraaattt carry that
Hollygrove trigga man guns in a knapsack
Area code five zero four, I ain't Nino fuckin Brown
And... this is Tha Carter ho, this is a quarter stick
This in ya garter ho, leave out the back and go straight to the corner store
Return with the cake, come wit all ma dough
And if not they find you in a lake in the mornin ho
Weezy Baby please say the baby
If not, don't ya motherfuckin say it at all, bitch

[Hook - Nikki]
If you don't call him Weezy
Then you must say the baby
If you don't say the baby
Then just don't say it at all[Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Ok I'm strapped
Get 'Em
Black Hat, Black Shades, Black Diamonds Oh Behave
No he can't with the fuckin seats back
Got the paint job tho
And the fuckin seats cracked

[Chorus]
I'm a d-boy
Bitch I'm a d-boy
Ho I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the rov for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket
I got money in my block
I got the money in the power

I'm a d-boy
Bitch I'm a d-boy
Ho I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the rov for them jackboys
I got money in my pocket
I got money in my block
I got the money in the power
I'm Gone

[Lil Wayne]
Thinkin' of a masta plan
I get money but I'm thinkin of a fasta plan
I'm tryin' to cash it in
I got 5 in thet garbage can and the Wrap Saran
I need cash advance
See I know three sold
The other two a jam
I'ma sit on one and whip the other one much as I can
Hot ass fuckin sadan
Windows rolled down no sound
Them bricks got the speakers drowned
I ain't listenin for shit but sirens
I ain't tryin to get to my ships sunk fuck you pirates
I'll touch you cowards
It ain't nuthin to a boss
The niggaz in the hood tryina floss and ya head gotta cost nigga
Take a loss nigga
SS five five all black with the top chopped off dat
Catch me in the spots where the shots pop off at
I ain't tryin to prove nuttin I'm jus tryin to move somen

[Chorus]

[Baby]
See we cookin' up a thousand grams
I'm in the kitchen over the stove with pots and pans
Triple color with the platinum jam
50 birds homeboy in the back of a van
A hundred grand in rubberbands
We got them birds in the coffee cans
We got the whips wit the extra clips
Got bitches outta state niggaz flippin them bricks
Been in the caddy been in the alley
Nigga been on the block
Right in front of mrs gladdies (?)
Nigga know bout hustlin'
Know bout stuntin
Did the curb servin shyned every summer (Biatch)
Been on front, been in the back
Nigga roll wit ducktape and ride wit the mac
We see these haters like fuck them niggaz
We made men millionaire hustlin our nature

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
8 AM open my eyes
Yeah kick my bitch tell her open the blinds
And I'm, over the stove at 9
Yeah I'm cookin breakfast for the block then I let her cook mine
Yeah quick line in the bathroom before we bounce
Not me I mean her she go a day a ounce (damn)
Y'all pray for her
While I'm at the bus station in the Bently sittin' low as I wait for ya
I'm gettin' dough I'm a paper---boy I will take ya
For the right paper--boy I will take her
Shake her--tape her--waist up
Send her to the money she be back before I wake up
Get cha cake up
Y'all niggaz lame ducks
Ya prolly get ya game up when I'm givin the game up
My name wayne what
Hot boy flame up
You niggaz tryin to change up and I'm gettin my change up

[Chorus](Woman)
So Lil Wayne, what's your motivation?
(Wayne)
Is that really a question?  Do you really have that written down in your notepad?
You should be ashamed of yourself.  You smell me girl, I smell like money
See, that's what they don't understand, to me, it was always get money or die
I come up under Birdman, Number One Stunna knowhatimean?
I'm Stunna Junior, and that's all I know, that's all I ever knew
Get money or get nuttin, knowhati'msayin?
And I feel that way, forreal

So hard I go, I keep pushin
The games so crazy, I'm in it like deep pussy
I got chips, I'm tryin to get the whole cookie
Used to make a thousand dollars every time I played hookie (YEA!)
Dwayne Carter absent, keep lookin
I'm present on the block, I'm a legend on the block (YEA!)
Ice so bright, like heaven on the watch
Yea nigga I done dropped one eleven on the waaatch (ugh)
So waaatch and see what I do
Breeze by ya so fast, gotcha sneezin, hachoo!
They got the shivers, man I got the fever
I gotta bring the hood back after Katrina!
Weezy F Baby, now the F is for Fema
Sick nigga, bitch I spit that leukemia (Bitch!)
Yea, no cure, no help
So me, so good, so hard, so felt, FEEL ME!

(Wayne)
And that's just my point right there
that's what I'm always tryin to stress, knowhati'msayin?
If you don't understand me, if you don't feel me
then you ain't real, in my eyes
And that's all that count to me, you know?
(Woman)
So, is your music considered the voice of urban America, or America period?
(Wayne)
I mean, I would say, the voice of the hood, cause that's who I speak for
And myself, knowhatimean my family, that's who I represent
My homies, my girl, my life, ya know?

Bang this shit, nigga, pump my shit
Gotta bang that wimp, and go and dump that bitch
You gotta go and claim that strip and go and flood that bitch
You got aim that shit and straight bust that shit
Like muthafuck them niggaz, what they wan do, I'm ready
Tethered camo, no homo, black Rambo
Fuckin wit the boy, baby that's a gamble
If we were in Vegas, leave 'em on the crap table
I'm willin and I'm able to come and run up in ya stable
Like nobody make a sound, where the paper, where the paper?
Gotta get it, gotta have it once I got it, I'ma spend it
He's back from doin any damn thing just to get it
The re-ups be like birthday party
No room to park the cars in the garages
So outside the cribs all you see is the roggies
If I ain't say it right, fuck it, I ain't foreign FEEL ME!

(Wayne)
Ya see, that's where everybody get me wrong, knowhatimean
I got that heat rock, forreal
(Woman)
Why do you think that other rappers lack the impact of your music?
(Wayne)
That's because they ain't got that heat rock like me, knowhatimean?
They ain't spittin like me, they spittin, but, knowhatimean, they ain't got colds
I got the flu over here man, forreal, I need relief.  Ya'll help me, forreal
(laughing) I know y'all sick of me, cause I'm tired of y'all, forreal

And based on the bank, I'm doin much better than a lotta of these niggaz
I'm tired of these niggaz
Yawnin when I see em', make me stretch and pull the burner
I'm cockin back and passin, they catch it 'em in they sternum
Ohhh ohhh, that gon prolly burn ya
That gon prolly learn ya, to never ever ever (What?)
Ever ever ever, come around here no more
Rich gangstas over here, you gotta die when ya broke BITCH!
I'm the God, I should ride wit the Pope
But the boy's so hood, I just ride wit my ho (YEA!)
Yea, and tell about Hollygrove
Tell about my last show, tell about my last ho
You know, just born to mack
Call me Deion Sanders bring the corner back (YEA)
I'm in my prime, niggaz fallin back
That's right, I'm comin baby, yea, hard as crack, FEEL ME!

That's just what it is, if you don't like my shit
then fuck you and your shit, man straight up
That's how I was taught, that's how I was brought up
that's how I'ma go down man, forreal
Cash Money, Young Money in ya muffuckin throat bitch, swallow slow
Weezy F Baby, this interview is over, go to the next song...BITCH!Yea, real rap, real rap fo ya
Lighters up, lets get 'em

Chorus - Nikki [Lil Wayne]
Thooouugh, though I'm missin you [straight to the head man]
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible [yea]
Gooonnee...I know you gon live on [cry momma, ya momma]
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya

(Verse 1)
Stay strong, be tough, that's what the preacher tell ya
He never really felt ya, so he can't even help ya
Need a shoulder to lean on, somebody to cry to
It's like everything's gone, but I'm a survivor
Standin on stage in front of thousands
Don't amount to me not havin my father
That's real talk, I know a lot of y'all got 'em
But you need 'em way more when you gotta go without 'em
And I'm without 'em, but that's life y'all
Sometimes you gotta learn to swim with no lifeguard
I'm alright God, shit I'm still breathin
But lose hurt like bullets, I'm about to start bleedin
Throw me down some comfort, cause my heart need it
Tryin to cope wit my chances and meet 'em
There's a dark road ahead, but I'm tryin to take it easy
Rest in peace Lil Beezy, my nigga

(Chorus) [Lil Wayne simultaneously in the background x 2]
Thooouugh, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gooonnee...I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
but I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over]

(Verse 2)
Smoke cush all day and pop painkillers
Fuck who don't understand it, this what the game did us
This what the streets showed us
This how the block made us, the same block where they layed 'em
I pray every time I cross the spot on the pavement, save me
Lord will I be next for the taking?  Take me
I know I'm livin like I know when I'm comin
But I'm just livin cause I know that it's comin
And the end is comin, but I ain't runnin
I and hidin and duckin, I'm in the middle of a war, I'm alive and love it
I'm just speakin from the heart of the diein public
We still beatin, we gon rise above it
Though it seem like they cheatin and we loosin
We survive if nothin, they could never take the stride from strugglin
I gotta ride
And sometimes that ride get bloody
But I just think about my buddy and go after that money, but uhh..

(Bridge) Nikki [Lil Wayne simultaneously in the background]
Ohhh, we gotta get over, we gotta get over, gotta get over
it's almost over, and we gon be alright
[I gotta get over, I gotta get over, cause bitch I'm a soldier]

(Verse 3)
Straight Patrone out the bottle to the head now
We gettin read now, bitch my nigga dead now
And all the things I never said, I gotta say it now
I shoulda said it then, now I gotta talk to clouds
Now I gotta walk around, brim down
Just tryin to find my way to the next day, escape
Ya birthday could be ya death date
So I'm livin like it was just yesterday, let's pray
Ten fingers together, can't bring 'em together
It's murda murda, I don't think it get better
So be a competitor or get out the weather
Me? I got a umbrella and a berretta
I'm just tryin to make sure my daughter future progressin
And behind that, I'm shootin excessive, trust me
The beautiful dead, we livin wit the ugly
I just tell my pops wait for me, I'm comin

(Chorus) [Lil Wayne simultaneously in the background] x 2
Thooouugh, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gooonnee...I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
but I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over]

[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
but I'm a soldier, so I gotta over
can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over] in background over and over while talking

They ask me why I wear shades at nighttime...cause I don't wanna see nothin!  Yea..
Like I said, life ain't nuttin but a long extended road, keep drivin
I done passed up plenty people up on the side of road, no help, keep goin
Yea...Lost a lot of passengers on the ride, kept goin...yep...
who knows when I'll run outta gas.  Yea..[Lil Wayne]
We here
I said we here
The back of Tha Carter
The back of Tha Carter....Two....Ooooh
Yea....This here is....the end of Tha Carter Two people
HEY! HaHa.Yea

[Verse 1]
I got the game on ball and chain
I threw the key in the train
I'm like the key in the truck
I spent a G on these frames, though my vision is priceless
Seeing through you niggaz like a fuckin psychic
Hearing through the grapevine, niggaz wanna hate mine
Say my name and die in the daytime
You catch my drift, man you better be Peyton
Boy the heats on, they make a peace bond
I'm in this bitch, throwing up the seventeenth sign
Straight frowns, no daps, strapped three times
A Tec-11, AK 47, one Beretta, ready for whatever
Tell them pussy niggaz come together
Heavy wetter, nigga super soaker wetter, nigga
Six feet under flowers, you ain't nothing but a petal nigga
I'm just a little nigga, trying to be a civil nigga
Thirty years old, shit that'll be a different nigga
Quit it Wayne, your Mom is listenin
But she ain't really trippin, 'cause the pots is piston
Them niggaz trippin, unitl the shots whistling'
Hear them bullets sizzle, like a cobra at attention
I gotta bitch, and quit callin women bitches
As long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen
No preventing the crime, I gotta get it
I'm admitted to the game, true playa, no quittin
There you go shittin on a way a nigga thinkin
Only history I know is Benjamin Franklin
This is the future and crime is to no one
I live everyday like this is the sure one
Train in the tidal wave, this is the ocean
Stand in the heat, 'til the mother fuckin snow come
And it feels so fuckin good
Throw my dope like a rope, let them tug and pull
No hope for the hopeless, rats and roaches
Runnin cross the porch, in the attic there's a fortune
Come and get it, automatics in motion
We bangin for the bread nigga, even the molded
I got my loaf, I got my toast
Chaperone of the south, I got my coast. Yea
And unll I die I'm Da. Da Da Da Da. Da BEST RAPPER ALIVE* send corrections to the typist

[Talking]
Yea, Haha Drama I'm Back
Dedication 2
I ain't Even Waitin On 'Em I'ma Get 'Em Now

Get 'Em

My block pumpin and I'm tryin to keep that hoe pumpin
If niggaz snitchin them I let them niggaz hold......
Get Get Get 'Em (x2)

My block pumpin and I'm tryin to keep that hoe pumpin
If niggaz snitchin them I let them niggaz hold sumthin
If a nigga owe sumthin need a doctors note from 'em

Or his throat from 'em
These lil niggaz thinkin they fresh, get whipped out ya clothes youngin
I got it all but I'll beat you like you stole sumthin
My bitch trippin, she say I treat her like my old woman
I tell the bitch I'm probably better off with no woman
Yea, I get that brand new money
I'm the boss bitch, I'm touchin every dollar thats comin
Stop playin, I kno wat I'm doin
Let me get 'em

I hope his kids not with 'em
Yall motherfuckers kno me I'm a rider in the side of the south
Got the money in the matress and the guns in the couch

Wat up
Puttin out cockroaches in the ashtray
Its payday till my last day
Yea

Walkin that line with alot on my mind
I get that money, never droppin a dime
I don't hate, never, not on my time
I'll put that little red dot on ya mind
Talkin that crime but alot of 'em lyin
Im caught on the grind, never get off my grind
Ima pimp to these hoes, not a pimp in my mind, nah
And everybody kno I'm sharp when I ride
Hop out that new Ferrari with that little horse on the side yea
Zoom Zoom bitch ride a nigga broom witch
Have a key wet stinkin up your whole room bitch
Now break out the perfume bitch
And niggaz come from out that beach, I'm in that water like a cruise ship
Straight up, tell all my dudes this
1 Pistol, 2 Clips, I aim at lips
Wayne that shit, shit on y'all
Given to you from the Guard
I Am The Guard

[Interlude]

Yeaa, money on my mind, money money on my mental
Super super soaker wet a nigga like a swim suit
I think they sippin on that 'I Can Fuck With Him Juice'
Test me if ya wanna bad man I knock a limb loose
I ain't never scared, I'm protected everywhere
And if a nigga disrespect me then he shall be very dead
Thats my word, gotta urge to hit a nigga and swerve
And them birds in the trigger shot down to my feet
Its me motherfucker whats better to see
And when ya greeted like me ain't nothin better then beef
See I would meet each one of you niggaz in the street
Then eat - and pick you little bitches out my teeth
Shout out to the green and red stiches in my teeth nigga
With no Gucci I'm a double chief nigga
My brothers you have send, and the Guard I Am..
Amen..* send corrections to the typist

Drama I'm on fire man rock

(Lets go)
Weezy motherfucker
What it do holla at me
All the niiggas tryin to hate me
And the bitches tryin to have me
I'm a money man
Yep I get it from my daddy ho
In war we can beef like the nolia and the calio
Hollygrove my batte yo
Let that automatic go
Test me while I'm chillin
And I kill you from my patio
Bitch my shadow look good
I'm just feelin Weezy
Hop in my shit and say goodbye
Cause the ceilings leavin
Believe me
They ain't tryin to see me
Tell 'em I be the nigga with the burner in the beanie
I'm the fireman
She just call me when she steamin
I wet her up and put her out and leave the bitch dreamin
Niggaz say they hot
But its really not seemin
If these guys bad then I gotta be a deamon
Wayne's getting money like Damon and Kenan
Try and take it from me and I'm aimin and squeezin
Bangin and leavin
Stains on the cement
Slide the crackers something
So they tame the policemen
Left in a porche
Came in a car-nation
I'm fresh
Man the gucci sweats came with the creases
I'm hot but I'm cold
I just change with the seasons
Tryin to put some cheese on my pieces
If you lookin for your nigga
I be where the water gets deeper
Huggin on that money
Tryin to put it in a sleeper
Yea I'm here
Who the fuck wanna say somethin
Leave your whole head empty
Like a straight pumpkin
Make no assumption
I'm hustlin
Your girlfriend guzzlin
And you thought she wasn't
Name still buzzin even when I'm doin nothin
But I'm never dioig nothin
Cause I'm always getting money
That's simple jackass
If you don't get it your a dummy
And them niggaz that push me
Ain't nut but pure pussy
Sure honey I done heard what you said
But if a nigga really cared
You'd already be dead
Just some young ass niggaz
With some old ass bread
Yes I keep them dollas running
Like them bitches got legs
Now my nigga Taz Po
Been ridin with me since Keds
And my right wrist
Is looking like a cracked open egg
Thays white and yellow diamonds
Adjust your lighting
I got 'em so mad but
Oh I think they like me[Lil Wayne]
Howdy do motherfuckas, it's Weezy Baby
Niggaz bitchin' and I gotta tote the (Cannon)
Listen close, I got duct tape and rope
I leave you missing like the fucking O'bannons
One hand on my money, one hand on my buddy
That's the AK-47, make his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds, you can hear them bitches humming
Don't make that bird shit, he got a weak stomach
Niggaz know I'm sick, I don't spit, I vomit, got it?
One egg short of the omelet
Simon says shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
And tell him catch up/ketchup like mayonnaise
Um, I'm the sickest nigga doing it, bet that baby
These other niggas dope, I'm wet crack baby
Yes, get back, get back boy, this a set back
Clumsy ass niggas slip and fall in to a death trap
Them boys pussy, born without a backbone
And if you strapped we can trade like the Dow Jones
Wet em up, I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon and get my howl on
Some niggaz cry wolf, I'm on that dry kush
And when it come to that paper I stack books
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on ya head
Life ain't cheap, you better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shout out my nigga Fee
See every motherfucka at the door don't get a key
Ya outside lookin' in, so tell me what you see
It's about money, it's bigger than me
I tell my homies don't kill him, bring the nigga to me
Yeah, don't miss, you fucking with the hitman
Kidnap a nigga, make him feel like a kid again

[Lil Wayne - Hook]
Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga talk to the (Cannon)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon)
Yeah, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon)
Yeah, straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga talk to the (Cannon)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon)
Nigga tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon)

[Freeway]
From Philly to where I'm landing I'm a (Cannon)
And I'm on that Philly fighting shit
And I come fully equipped
You trolley, get bodied, keep nina and shotty in the whip
If a nigga try to stick me I'ma blam him
Sing along now, di-di-dadi, I'm Free
Got the butters, got the green, he got the tan
Got the whole enchilada
Owe me dough, I'm inside of ya house
Tie up ya brother, make the prick call up ya mother
She might know where to find you
I am... on top of my job
The heavyweight champ of the flowas
Flow like the ocean, open water, ya drowning
I will... four-pound him, and sink him
Heat him then leave him stinking
Sharks surround him and eat him, nice to know him
I will... roll over your squad like I'm "One Punch" Carr
You chumps, you best call General Motors
I will... take control of your soldiers
You won't miss 'em 'til I toss em in the wok like chicken
General Tso/toast em, uh-oh!

[Willie the Kid]
I make it hard for rap niggaz, I'm peer pressure
Matter fact I'm motivation to rap better
I showed niggaz how to act, how to dress better
I stay fresh, more fitted caps than back catchers
I'm the crack, the smack, the gun, the rule
The gat, the strap, the gun, the tool
The motherfucking (Cannon)
Other words, I'm the real, for real
We can go check for check or bill for bill
We can go chick for chick or skill for skill
The deal is sealed, niggaz ain't real as Will
'Cause I'm a (Cannon)
And I handle well, pedal like Cannondale
And I got the 50-cal mag, its a handheld (Cannon)
I'm telling you niggaz, I pop, put a shell in you niggaz
My nice watch'll Helen Keller you niggaz
I got whores in the Canon camcorder bendin' over
Blowing 'ghan by the quarter
Weed odor in the Rover, nigga

[Detriot Red]
Detriot Red gettin' change like them white folks
Dump it out the window of the Range with the rifle
Pain like a bitch like the first day of a cycle
You better scurry when I pull the (Cannon)
Tracks burn the streets like a truck do the gas
I love head and caressing a voluptuous ass
I ask ya baby mama is she up to the task
She like "Damn Red, it's bigger than (Cannon)"
My attire makes the ladies say ya man is too fly
Imported oils from Iran and Dubois
Get caught slipping with ya mans and you die
Where I'm from niggaz be quick to squeeze the (Cannon)
Detroit Red always got some shit for ya ear
Show me love but keep it moving man, 'cause you if you get near
I'll say "get off my dick" and tell ya bitch to "come here"
'Cause you sweating me and my DJ Don (Cannon)

[Juice]
Legs spread far out, you know how I'm standing
Yeah I'm posted with the big homie (Cannon)
I got niggaz who don't like rap lovin' our shit
We got niggaz who was stuck on Pac bumpin' our shit
These niggaz can't see me like I ain't been around lately
A good batter when they at the mound its gravy
Niggaz salty, I'm pepper, no Spinderella
Just a cigarillo, filled with Tropicana
Yeah, Vic found that lick now we not smoking no more regular
Keep ya mid-grade, I don't think you know no better
They love "In Da Trunk", now they wanna hear more shit
I play it modest like "nigga thats some of our old shit"
Got niggaz I aint never met wanting to fight me
Got hoes thats in love asking "why you dont like me?"
Bitch I'm married to the game and I love my wifey
Steppin' over competition, man I love these Nikes
Yeah, I'm hot, they fannin'
Niggaz try to copy my style like the (Cannon)
Don't try to compare I'm in a league of my own
If I ain't listed at the top nigga the stats is wrong
All the data is off, ya info ain't valid
Artist of the century the competition ain't balanced
True/Tru like Master P and his two brothers
Don't call it incest but Juice the motherfucker
Like... ch'yea[Chorus]
Thats why yo bitch won't a real nigga like me [x2]
She won't to give that pussy to a nigga like me [x2]
I be pimpin them hoes, I be pimpin them hoes
I be pimpin them hoes pimp pimpin them hoes
I be workin them bitches, I be workin them bitches
I be workin them bitches work workin them bitches

[Verse 1]
Weezy F. Baby the mothafuckin carter
Bitches on my stick but my name ain't harry potter
They think I'm very hotter yo gurl say da same
and since we like ta travel she let us run a train
And my deep hits put me in the hall of fame
I make her turn over everytime we play the game
Yo boy wayne, ask them niggaz I came
in a Ferrari, Jaguar switchin both lanes
Livin room in the kitchen on a plane
I get from A to B so comfortable I
Do my thang y'all niggaz so plain, I'm so fly call me soul plane

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
To him I'm a killer, to her I'm a lover
I always wear a mask, and I always wear a rubber
Yea I'm from the hood, but my crib in the suburbs
They love a nigga "VIBE", so thats why I got the cover
My nigga mac maine is like a brother from another
we from the same hood we will kill a mothafucker
We eat you niggaz lunch, and to bitches I'm supper
She ask me to go down, I'm like as long as I fuck her
I wear I lot of diamonds see baby I'm a stunna
so ride a niggaz dick ahh baby bear hummer
And homie you can have her cause I don't really won't her
You put the dick in her I put the dick on her

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I'm hotter than firer, she wetter than a bitch
These niggaz really pussy, and I'm harder than my dick
I show to much love for you to be a hatter
I ain't home everyday but I'm gettin my paper
I know wuts going on cause I'm creater
and since I'm so early holla at um later
I sound like sex comin through the fadder
(BITCH) I'm the president not the mayor

[Chorus]* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne]
Cover my tracks like butter so where the bread be
I say beef is dead meat who that the president yeah me
No one scare me, and you ain't gotta double dare me
Hear me loud and clearly rats aren't near me
wiretap niggaz get blood in they earpiece
I'm from New Orleans nowhere near peace
Pure Beast, Fear Free, Dear Grief
Catch up bitch I'm in gear three
zoom gone, see ya peace drop one finger
Fuck 'em and whoever made 'em
I will hurt whoever love 'em cause I hate 'em
Lookin' for a lady, high and sedated
Got her to the pad, I 'on't know how a nigga made it
She gave me relations, so now we related
The morning comes, the picture faded
Awaited on my turn to burn, can I get a light
Little dog, bigger bite, Jackson Five, Little Mike
Can I get a mic or a mic and a half
That's Source homie, shout out to the editing staff
I'm all grown, so much better with math
I need a spread in the Forbes takin a Benjamin bath yeah
I'm servin' this track like, Stephen Graph yeah
Roger Federer, there's no competitors
Niggaz know my rhetorhic, bitches know my preference
Young God baby, all them other niggaz reverends
Sittin in my big house surrounded by my weaponries
I keep them away like I got leprosy
Chopper right next to me loaded up wit pepper seize
Got an extra clip but that's only for my especiallies
(Dramatic, Dramatic) This is especially for you
Disrespect a nigga game what kinda referee is you
Swallow it slow, make a nigga ride wit the pistols
Cuzz the fakest niggaz ride wit the pistols
Even if I die old, I'ma die with the pistols
And if you stand over my body I'll probalie kill ya
Yeah, now I feel it, Weezy the realest
I wear a lot of Bathing Ape cuzz I be wit gorillas
He what they talkin bout topic of the conversation
product of determination
stop playin you are not up in my situation
I get money like a caucasian, the car red so the car cajun
Stop hatin, y'all ballers I'ma sports agent
Wait a minute lemme translate it, It's
Weezy not the father motherfuckin Baby* send corrections to the typist

[Juelz Santana]
DipSet
weezy holla me

[Hook - Juelz Santana]
welcome to the concrete jungle
got snakes, got bears, got lions no muzzles
and they all tryin to cause me trouble
got the big tre-8 long nose no muzzle (x2)

[Verse 1 - Juelz Santana]
back up off me shorty..if not, surely
that piece'll come off me shortly
my hood breed ganstaz boy
You wanna be down lets see now no thank you boy
my niggaz'll fish fillet you boy
than go and tell ya moms to get the paper boy
ya son is just no longer just a paper boy
he's front page on the paper boy
read about him
extra extra read about it
but we get twisted laugh and smoke weed about it
and can't nobody do a thing about it
Cause they'll be in the same boat
literally the same boat
floatin across the same sea
thru the same water
Don't fuck wit them same G's
Don't fuck wit that man please
Don't fuck wit his money
Don't fuck wit his gang breed

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
aim squeeze wayne be on the back street
shotty on the back seat fuck 'em if you ask me
make 'em look but them niggaz can't look past me
pass the weed to the next nigga
That's me let's see P E N C A M G
21 inches and I got them bitches skindy
temp me and any thing can happen I ain't rappin
I ain't aimin at you soldiers bitch I'm goin for the captin
I ain't shootin at ya shoulders bitch I'm goin for ya cappin
I won't stop cappin to ya wings start flappin
and you, you just angel in the streets full of gangtas and
me I'm from the home where murder make ya famous and
I think I'm bouts 2 get that trench off the hanger
and the mask out the drawer but I neva hide the banger
I'm a, straight playa if you love her don't bring her
I'll tell her lil shit like I can make her ass a singer
and she, believe that we back at the crib
she like, how it shoot if its plastic foreal
I'm like, fall back ma ya ass can get chilled
then she rolled on my dick like an ecstasy pill
I smoke beverly hills wuteva that kills
and leave a nigga wit that heavenly feel yeah
step and I will step in ya grill yeah
and leave a nigga wit that heavenly field yeah* send corrections to the typist

[Chorus]
spit yo game, talk yo shit, grab yo gat
call yo click [x2]
squeez yo clip hit the right one pass the weed
gotta lite one [repeat]

[Verse 1]
What ya mami told ya bout fuckin round wit them soldiers
I told ya I'll be back I'm comin I got that Tommy Lasorda
That's blood all over ya sofas
blood all over ya postas
blood all over ya sholdas
blood all over the strollas
do that shit I done that shit its weezy baby
he's a baby make that nigga run that shit
make that money come back quick
take that money from that bitch
she know wat it be m-o-b
pistol right there in my reach
you know wat it be m-o-me
bitches know were that limo leave
2 words
room key
where penthouse suite
wear not a damn thing
I'm here batabambing
my hand bling
my wrist bling
my neck bling
my ear bling
super bowl ring bitch
cash money young money
super bowl team bitch
money,money,money,money
I'm true to those things bitch
you with those pussy hoes
I shoot at those queens bitch
this I new orleans bitch
murder don't mean shit

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 2]
What ya papi told ya bout fuckin round with them soldier's
I told ya I'm comin back I got that tommy matola
That's blood all over ya rova
blood all over ya chaufer
blood all over ya loafers
if I get any closer
That's blood all over my toasta
blood all over my hosta
I'm in a s. dots
thats blood all over my hova, fuck
I'm hustlin with a motive
my niggas need me
an a tiger in my pocket
"Says Feed Me"
its greedy
see them niggas
jack them niggas
kill them niggas
wack them niggas
ask them bitches
ask them niggas
weezy baby thats the nigga
cath me mashin in a v
matchin seats, matchin feet
sheesh that bitch too sweet fa the streetz
got that key for the leaf, that feast the beef
no need to speak, let it be, wat it be
niggas want piece I make them leave here
piece by piece
fuck me, fuck you, wat it is wat it do
ive been ready since 81 and I was born I 82
holleygrove is where I'm from
but we call that bitch the zoo
I ain't neva trust a bitch
since she ate dat forbidden fruit
sucka free, sucka proof, 50 shots cut em loose
quarterback weezy baby shotgun run n shoot
comin true youngin do wat youngin do ball baby
at home fornacatin
homie by the phone waitin
got-damn
-I-am
-a-man
-tha-man
-tha-mu
-tha-fuck
-in-pre-sident
bitch

[Chorus]My name Wayne and I came to party
my watch an Icee and my chain a Frostee
Them bitches like me, but they mayne's is salty
I aint on strike three, but his brains'll cost me See I'ma chill
like waitin for the doctor I'm awaitin for the proper head doctor hey
I need a check up, and mami tellin me her man need to step up
I'm like, say no more cuzz there's the door
and my niggaz like "I ain't tryin' hate on yours
I'm like boy I don't save no whore, oh no
I'm too small to go against the cold
So I grab me a freak and be like, "let's roll"
Cause after the afterparty is the muhfuckin bachelor party
that's what's up, master suite master me
and we be "ungh" all night like Master P yeah

My name Wayne and I came from money
I gotta pretty bitch wit me, but her brains is ugly
Got a city bitch wit me, but her brains is country
Yeah a silly bitch wit me, man her brains is dummy
Be smart I'll take the brains of dummies
that desert eagle new, workout plan, brain then tummy
I ain't got no umbrella and it's rainin' money
I'm dumb better than these lames that's stuntin
I run better like, Corey Dillion for the New England Pats
They like, no he didn't get that new Bentley black and white
Sure he did, no kiddin', know he kitted it
Know he told the dealer make sure there's no equivalent
So that makes this a one of one
That means none before it, none to come
Young money but the money aint young neither's the night
what are you drinkin' make it a double you in trouble OH

My name wayne and I came to rock
I come a long way from turnin' cocaine to rock
and like the song say get, getcha ass on up
but her thong say pull me down or to the side
and I go and say, sweetie can you open up your walkway
bet I run up and down your hallway all day shit
ain't nothin like a hard day menage
I call it three the hard way, Ohhh
Hollygrove hard case, Scarface all face
very similar to my pa face, I'm particular bout my court case
I ride fly, look out the window you saw space
I ride high, my interior tye die, I'm so superior
You lookin' at Cash Money's interior you hearin' me
Birdman, J-R a period, holla at a nigga when you're serious shitMiss Butter pecan caramel southern bell
She hotter than a summer day in hell
I'm under her spell, she say her name is Chantel
She say she got a man, I can't tell
Because when we be rockin'
we get it poppin like a Amstel, like
Right up in the hotel, maybe the stairwell
She blows kisses to my handheld
She an angel her name should be An-gel ' I'm Blessesd '
I kill her wit the rich man smell
She got a wet manhole and ya mans fell whoa
I slipped and I ankwell
I saw jelly fishes seashells, no further details
I love the smell of a female
And you're one hell of a female I'm tellin' ya female
Get in the CL and let it be sweet sailin' and late night e-mailin'
Ooh she feel me, Ooh Fee Fee I think she feels me

Okay, I called her on a late night it was late right
I was on her ass like some brakelights
But I ain't stop for the redlights
We get it poppin' til the blue and red lights come knockin'
Neighbors keep trippin, we keep fuckin
Sex revolution, baby I'm comin
down the hallway that lead to your stomach,mami
I'ma keep pumpin till you scream Young Money
and me and you're boyfriend is not the same
I goes down like the stock exchange, and the I bring it up
'Scuse me, I drink it up, I leave you soakin' wet from ya ankle up
Shucks, I'm too much, Fee I'm too much{whispers} Dedication 2...

 "Bang bang, I shot you down
 Bang bang, you hit the ground, bang bang
 Bang bang... I used to shoot you down" --> Nancy Sinatra "Bang Bang"

*sample plays in the background*

[Lil Wayne]
Hah, Dedication 2, that's right, you already...
Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem?
Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin
Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby it's so-{*record rewinds*}

Wake up motherfuckers it's Weezy, you got a problem?
Heads to them Katrina victims, we still mobbin
Shiny black coupe at night look like a goblin
AK on the backseat, baby it's so vivrant
Watch me let it spray like a hydrant, can't dodge it
You not gettin wet in the rain is not logic
She won't give that pussy to Wayne, I'm so obliged just
Boy I been direct from inside of ya bitch body
And, hi there ho whattayaknow I'm ridin
in the same streets my pops died in, I got 'em and,
I get that money tell my momma I'm grindin
And I'll be coming home with our future in my pocket
Shoot you if you block it, leave a nigga aqua
Murder the adults and let the kids get adopted
Sit it in the pot and watch me rise to power
Gettin off twenty American pies an hour
God damn, excuse ma'am but I'm the man
And you better put my money in my hand, stop playin!
Got ends, no friends, just brothers one color
And I spread the motherfucker all over your room shutters
Heh, they knew better I'm two letters
I'm like M.J. and 2-3 and O.G., yeah I'm low-key
Cause niggas and bitches is po-lice
I roll leaf, patching up the game's slow leak
I'm Wee-zy ba-by!

Lemme catch my breath... {breathing}
Ok...
Pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy-ass.. pussy..

Pussy-ass niggas, fake fraud-ass niggas
Tryna save the pass SIM card-ass niggas
Them broads laugh at ya, them niggas won't kill ya
and them niggas that's witcha, could die right witcha
I'll be shootin everything up in my eyesight mister
I say I might miss ya, but lil' FeFe gon' hit ya
And lil' Curren$y'll split ya, Mack Maine'll straight flip ya
Let (???) ship ya, then we'll all forget ya
I'm sittin in the kitchen like "how can we all get richer"
Got paint on my hands from painting the perfect picture
Then I tell lil' Josh, roll up the perfect swisher
God damn the hurricane, to the weed man we miss ya
I'm the best just listen, I ain't what the game been missin
That's my nigga Juelz, I been here since twelve
Ten shells, let 'em save themselves
Fuck them niggas and they pals, pal, pow![Hook] {X2}
"Now ever since I could remember I been poppin them bottles
Pop, poppin them bottles, pop, poppin them bottles
Now ever since I could remember I been smokin that dro
With my motherfucking pistol in my hand" I'm a New Orleans gangtsa, after the storm
Boy it took bout 3 million to rebuild my home
But, I'm back on defense I'm back in the zone
I eat rappers go in my yard and bury they bones
My pockets on "Raven Symone"
Thats fat!
wutchu know bout that, huh!?!
So I'm a keep it goin'
keep it movin'
we can do it
I aint trippin
So far ahead of them niggaz we got a time difference
Dont confuse me wit them, I'm different
Tryin to holla at "TIP" for a movie audition
I push that Maserati to the limit
zig zaggin through that traffic like Emmitt
I tell them niggaz hurry and buy
And if you try n snitch you'll get burried alive
Yeah, and I dont chase 'em like you do
I keep a bad bitch skatin' like 'New-New'* send corrections to the typist

You catch my girl legs open better smash that
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at

Hold on hold on hold on
This song right here is my nigga currency the hot spitter (that's right)
The very first artist off young money cash money
bout to hit yall in the head with that mothafuckin where the cash at
featuring remy martin and my mothafuckin self
man do what you da lil daddy

You catch my girl legs open better smash that
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at

Bitches come a dime a dozen I fuck them sisters cousins
It's a revolving dough pussy coming pussy going
And when it goes to you its coming back to me with money
I tell her keep them shoes on and keep my paper running
I put my mack down just like a G's supposed to
And if she don't come home with it then shes sleeping over
I got them creeping over we do it  with the soda
I like them Amery's you can have them amerossas
Them niggas down below us baby we up and over
Im trying to get inside that thang that sit between your shoulders
Im talking large toters im talking large motors
Im talking burning rubber that melt in Pirelli odor
Im hopping out a lotus you looking at my bitch
You wanna holla you can holla take her on a trip
But when the deed done you gotta send her back

Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at

Yeah I got a bitch in the back I got a hoe in the front
I got purp in the dutch got purp in the cup
I tell her get your money hoe or just stop breathing
Cause if it aint about that dough it aint about me neither
See a gangster like myself I get that paper and pussy
Then theres when I make that pussy bring the paper right to me
Bitch your looking at a real pimp that's my old hoe
And they'll telll you no remote I control hoes
Im a hoe lord give ya that game mamma
if he aint paying then he shouldn't be playin
im saying broke niggas only make jokes nigga
I make more than I can fit In this quote nigga
Unquote come sun soak with me bitch
Fly you down here and put you on some south beach shit
And if you smile at my bitch I make her smile back

Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at

See that other chick asked that she said where the cash at
She said where the paper plastic product and where the stash at
With it she said the whip and the clip and wheres the address at
So that bitch that be hiding shit in the ass crack
Niggas don't fuckin call be baby like im related to weezy
Some of them call me aura none of them call me easy
Found out im fuckin a man then his burners calling me screaming
Chicken wing bitches I be finding they just call me jesus
Yeah I  know she got a man but im cool being the other one
Cause he cant get tight when he hear I picked another one
I don't falll in love with them cum and then im done with them
Most they get from me is what pussy is some bubble gum
But this one dude had me laughing
if its one thing that I cant stand it's a baggy magnum
I thought somebody through me a camera they way I caught a flash back

Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Where the where the cash at where the cash at
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at* send corrections to the typist

I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day
Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that k k k k k k k k

Time and time again I gotta grab my phone and call lil wayne
Let me use your throw away cause niggaz out her playin man
They just don't get it till I pop the trunk and come back with it
Barrel on the burner big enough to spit a hundred midgets
I'm from the crescent city moving nothing less than fifty
That's more shells than youll find in the seat
And you don't need to know your alphabets to recognize a G
I'm in the lambo making doughnuts like I work for Krispy Kreme
Excuse my flossin dawg I'm still known to tote a snub
Niggaz thought I lost all my blikas in that Katrina flood
I still got big you mac eleven from ninty seven
Sometimes you gotta show niggaz better than you can tell them

(2x)
I be on that gangster shit straight up on that gangster shit
I be on that straight up on that I be on that gangster shit

I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day
Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that
K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh
K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh
I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit
I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit

Chevys ridin swerving off mufflers stuffed with dro and blow
Mack man young money mottos still fuck a hoe
Burners on the front seat incase a hater come that close
Bodys drop when the shotty pop they'll probably make your body rock

Body rock yep nigga lean with it rock with it
Thang that make you lean I be seen round the clock with it
See I don't stop with it hustle for that new money
Smellin like them new hundreds diarrhea loop runnin
See I just recruit something that help me move it every day
More workers than mary k vibin to that mary j
I'm off the chain like three slaves bitch I'm bout my chips
I'm mac maine bitch I'm on that gangster shit

(2x)

I be on that gangster shit straight up on that gangster shit
I be on that straight up on that I be on that gangster shit

I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day
Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that
K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh
K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh
I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit
I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit

Time and time again I gotta turn around and tell c dawg
Grab this ak off my back or theres gonna be blood all on them dawg
Clip longer than a bitch if a nigga trip pop it on in give a nigga that shit
Pull it right over and park your whip everybody gone run when the trunk gone lift
Shit the only thing I'm runnin from myself with a gun when the po po come
The nigga that talk ain't talking bout nothing I'm a rude boy I murder for fun
I'm hot bitch worse than the sun I'm the birdmans son I'm the chosen one
I'm the god just looking for a nun I'm the president my job here is done

Chevys ridin swerving off mufflers stuffed with dro and blow
Cash money young money mottos still fuck a hoe
Burners on the front seat in case a hater come that close
Bodys drop when the shotty pop they'll probably make your body rock
Lean with it lean with it lean with it and snap your fingers
Make ya lean with it make ya lean with it make 'em lean with it now play the hook

I I I I be on that on that all night Man I be on that all day
Straight up boy if you want me I'll be ridin with that
K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh
K who want it k who want it k who want it k uh
I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit
I'm on that gangster shit I'm on that gangster shit

Lets stab 'em in they chest and show 'em that we shoot and boom get shot
Stab 'em in they chestAnd keep my motherfuckin boom
Get shot bitchTalking: The streets gonna always be fun

[Lil Wayne]
Now put Lil Mack on the map if he walk it off
Now put Lil Spitter on the map if he walk it off
Now put a ..... on the map if he walk it off
Say put Lil Fee on the map if he walk it off
Say put E.I on the map if he walk it off
Kay put Lil drew on the map if he walk it off
Say put lil monk on the map if he walk it off
I'ma.....I'ma

[Chorus]
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stunt
Bitch I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to front
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to front
Hoe I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't lyin to you
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't lyin to you
You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue
with the white interior on a set of 22's

[Lil Wayne]
I'ma jalapeno boy hot as Cayenne pepper
I'm from New Orleans City but ill take her to whatever
I'm tougher that leather
I'm smoother than Suede
always never broke cause I'm usually paid
Got the Rover with the cage
Kinda brown off beige
Everybody look at me like I'm riding on stage
Gotta woman named Sage
She twice my age
everytime she hit me up she send a picture with her page
I ain't tryin to fall in love I ain't tryin get engaged
you can meet me at the alter when a nigga really dead
Everytime I'm tryin to leave she beggin me to stay
and I politely fade away like my name was M.J.
and she wrote me a note, guess what that note said
When I hope still like me but I go both ways
and then I say Oh, then I say Okay
Stabbed them up and got the fuck like my name was O.J.
If you lookin for some money bitch my name is no way
Not tomorrow not today not yes-terday
I'm Mr. President as they say
and that phantom fits me like its tailor made
I can take on a war, nigga bombs-away
I been in the water fucking all the Marmalades
If you lookin for some money bitch my name is no way
Not tomorrow not today not yes-terday

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Last week I met a bitch but I forgot her name
Short sweet red cute ole vibrant thang
She got a earing in her pussy and everywhere else
She said she jog everyday so she can cum on herself
Then she tell me my love is the best she felt
and she sucked my dick like its about to melt
she drink vitamin water say its good for her health
she can wrap my whole dick around her waist like a belt
Then theres another bitch her name was Iesha
she ride that dick good and make a mean cheese pizza
One time it was so good I told her to order one mo'
She said its not Domino's its DiGiorno's
Theres another bitch I met her at the gong Show
Got her to the crib and turned it straight into a thong show
She do my dishes, was my clothes, and fix my corn rows
She do my dishes, was my clothes, and fix my corn rows
I can't forget about my bitch name Meaty-boo
shes a young project bitch I used to bang her on the school
so I brung her to the school and we standing on the yard
the bitch asked me if I was from the 17th ward
Niggaz came out the cut and started muggin me up
I grabbed the clip out my pocket and made them cowards duck
and I told my old lady ill be back to see
and hit me up on my cell phone if niggaz lookin for me, cause

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Now chicks gotta ride, twerk, jerk, giddy up
Jump, bounce on the dick and get the fuck, get the fuck
Chicks gotta ride, twerk, jerk, giddy up
Jump, bounce on the dick and get the fuck, get the fuck
My name is Lil Weezy
They say I'm off the heezy
and I tell the dog hoe don't dont you be greedy
My name is Lil Weezy
They say I'm off the heezy
and I tell the dog hoe don't dont you be greedy
dont don't you be greedy
dont don't you be greedy
bitch don't you be greedy
dont don't you be greedy
Cuz its Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat on a dog hoes
Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat on a dog hoes
Now put Lil Wayne on the map cause he walk it off (ha ha ha ha)
Bitch

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Dedication 2
Straight from the Carter 2
So much money of the Carter 2
So much money of the Carter 1
So much money cause I'm Birdman son
Don't hate don't hate don't hate
I'ma good lookin rapper I ain't tryin to stuntYeah, now what it do you know it's Weezy F. the fuckin boss
inside that Phantom bitch so big I prolly get lost
how bout that exhaust, and my funky cold medina
I make that hoe tip toe like a ballerina
I'm the ~Miami fever~, in that ~Miami Heat~
I been in Miami water, I'm like a ~Florida Marlin~
But I come from New Orleans nigga we still strong
and my money real long, real real real long
and this my thirteenth year, bitch I'm still goin'
so my money real long, real real real long
Nigga that steel on, red beam safety y'all
Murder scene tape it off, red rum, tomato sauce
niggaz say they paper boys, but bitch I be wit caper boys
I say we be burnin bodies, we dont be burnin cars
and I got a bitch wit me, call her "Miss Without Drawers"
When I'm at the bank, you could call me "Mr. Withdraws"

If you want it I'ma bring it let Diana Ross sing it
I'ma pull it I'ma bang it that's that Nina Ross singin'
I be weighin a block up wit that Rick Ross bangin'
If you try me I reverse ya, now you Kriss Kross swangin' yeah
Whip soft top seats off leather feet prop
Heat cocked, somethin on my neck look like a peacock
you need not, talk that street hop to me Ak' cause we bought
Like thousand dollar bottles of that Chris Rock
bitch stop trippin' I been hot, when not
I been threw away what they just got
and niggaz talk shit but when I see em they lips lock
bitch bop, know I got that ooo wop griplock, get shot
bitch I bet I'm hustlin' when ya nigga not
Bigger appetite, bigger pot, EAT

Call it what you want, but baby just dont call the cops
let em chase that drop, I'ma chase that guap
yeah, race track jacket wit the race track loc's
yeah all black Maserati taste that smoke
I'ma crack that egg open, beat that yolk
Let it soak let it soak watch it come back broke yeah
then I hit the streets up and talk that talk
let it float let it float, never come back broke, naw
run that shit, I'm cash money's bread and butter no sugar
bring me all the beef, I'm the motherfuckin' pressure cooker
Yeah, yeah, I could change the weather for ya
lose ya ass, the neighbors tell em that they never saw ya
close ya mouth it'd be better for ya
all that snitchin like the cops got a medal for ya
I'ma hustler, got work hoes and metal for ya
when ya think ya ready I'll be ready for ya, bitch Yeah WEEZY
Dedication 2* send corrections to the typist

Ridin with a bitch I call hot mouth shelly
She pop them extasies and get that cotton mouth heavy
I give her a bottle of water bitch break out sweatin
And then she get straight to that head like a fuckin excedrin
I'm a fly ass nigga take a look at me bitch
Now go and tell the cops I gotta crook in my dick
Straight gutter bitch, open like a hook in the fish
I gotta lady from paris that french kiss my shit
Yea why you think I gotta tint my whips
Cause I be gettin some head, right in my shit
You say you love that woman, but that been my bitch
And if you kiss that woman, than you suck my dick
These hoes is nasty, y'all niggas is trippin
I gotta bitch with her mouth like that boy Ken Griffey
When I'm out in the streets better believe I'm pimpin;
And if you ever saw me with one of them video vixens

[Hook]
I was gettin some head..(Get gettin' some head)
Super head what's good? Super head what's good? Super head what's good?
I was gettin some head (Get gettin' some head)
I was gettin' some head (Get gettin' some head)

Y'all know me I smoke a blunt while I'm gettin' brain
Stick my finger in her butt while I'm gettin brain
yeah I'm nasty bitch! What? Lil' Wayne!
I liked dem maked up lips and two toungue rings
I gotta say it; I'm the president I run things
All these hoes tryna save a nigga cum stains
Real talk; I get head I get head on the airplane
Bitch be climbin' all over that little chair game
I pull her hair back
she holla yeah back
I like a bitch wit some lips like a bear trap
and I don' mind goin down I take care of that
I have homie at home like where she at?
She wit me; in my bad ass ride
Givin' me a blow job like a 9-5
She said she eat her vegetables so she stay alive
So she slobbed on my knob
like corn on the cob[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, straight up D-Boy, sell in 10th Ward
Miss Katrina turned my city to a seesaw
I keep going for them corners like Lyor
They gon' either respect me or, he all
Burnin them bitches like a se-qual
Punk, put a hump in your back, they called it Igor
What? This shit is hard, any yard where we are
We call that cocaine rice, I got that Condoleezza
Huh? You fuck with me chump, I rock your teacup
I say before you spend a dollar boy, put up the re-up
Yep, get up cause we up, foot up and knee up
In the game, put up and shut up, I hit your head up
Or go bang, the Birdgang and the Birdman J.
Lil Wayne, hear to hang, other words here to stay
Feel my pain, Fireman, I spark and I rain
I hark through the flames, yeah, all for the change, yeah
Call it insane but I'm a hustler to the muscle
And them new drop Bentleys look like pussy in the summer
So I'm fuckin that, huggin that block like I'm lovin that
Never sell a crumb where my mother at, run with that
You can come at me for beef and shots come with that
Your bitch come at me for wood and I'm the lumberjack
I come in that Similac Maybach, shades black
Looking like I'm tryna bring Yay back, ASAP
Give it to 'em raw, no Ajax, taste that
Huh, fuck around and make your face crack
I know niggas that, shoot dope, arms looking like a racetrack
Nigga missed a vein in his neck, his whole face fat
You can't take that? Well I can't take back
Where I come from so I learned how to make that
Yeah, turn that straight to a G stack
Stack up my cheese, now I'm screamin "Where the keys at?"

[Juelz Santana]
I'm from, block one, five-one, where my young
Niggas on the rise to get a name, don't try them
Wayne, I fell your pain and I see your stress
How they think your people 'posed to get through Katrina off a FEMA cheque?
Coke in a Pyrex, dope and the ice, yes
Mind on the highway, road signs, right, left
And that's the mind-state of kids growin up
Still they wonder why the crime rate's goin up, throw it up
Eastside, Westside, Southside, Northside
Fuck with my money I, torch guys, off guys
Hire men, fire men, send 'em to a higher man (there he go)
Torture 'em, vice grip, pliers man
Niggas turn to tin foil when they see the iron man
Pressure bust pipes, I apply it and
Move like a lion through the jungle, yes, there is none higher than
Me, don't slip up and end wind up in the lion bend
Big body Benz eyein man, higher than
A chick that flight-attend or air force flyer man
Bad bitches I fly 'em and fuck 'em
Send 'em back home hyped feeling like they on nitrogen
Just call me the Pied Piper man
Still get the coke through the pipeline, then off to the piper stem
And I'm still getting paper back in rubber bands
I still got paper bags coming in
I still got that mattress with the paper bags under it
Comic books, Playboy baby mag under it, still
I still got ties with my guys who don't speak no English
Them Vatos, they got those cheapest
Got no green card, got no visas and got those Pablo features
They drop off then pick up, I pick up then drop off
The drop off was picked up, and then what? I get itThis song right here, is dedicated to the president of the United States of America
Y'all might know him as George Bush
But where I'm from, lost city of New Orleans... we call him this

(Georgia x 8 with Wayne)

Noooowww
This song is dedicated to the one wit the suit
Thick white skin and his eyes bright blue
So called beef wit you know who
Fuck it he just let him kill all of our troops
Look at the bullshit we been through
Had the niggas sittin on top they roofs
Hurricane Katrina, we shoulda called it Hurricane (Geeoorrggiaa) Bush
Then they tellin y'all lies on the news
The white people smiling like everythin cool
But I know people that died in that pool
I know people that died in them schools
Now what is the survivor to do?
Got to no trailer, you gotta move
Now it's on to Texas and to (Geeoorrggiiaa)
They tell you what they want, show you what they want you to see
But they don't let you know what's really goin on
Make it look like a lotta stealin goin on
All them cops is killas in my home
Nigga shot dead in the middle of the street
I ain't no thief, I'm just tryin to eat
Man fuck the police and president (Geeoorrrggiiaa) Bush
So what happened to the levies, why wasn't they steady?
Why wasn't they able to control this?
I know some folk that live by the levy
that keep on tellin me they heard explosions
Same shit happened back in Hurricane Betsy
1965, I ain't too young to know this
Young President Johnson but now it's (Geeoorrggiiaa) Bush

[Chorus: repeat 2X]
We from a town where (Georgia)
Everybody drowned, and
Everybody died, but baby I'm still prayin wich ya
Everybody cryin but (Georgia)
Ain't nobody tried, there's no doubt on my mind, it was (Georgia) Bush!

Noooowwww
I was born in the boot at the bottom of the map
New Orleans baby, now the white house hatin, tryin to wash away like we not on the map
Wait, have you heard the latest, they sayin you gotta have paper if you tryin to come back
Niggas thinkin it's a wrap, see we can't hustle in they trap, we ain't from (Geeoorrggiaa)
Noooww it's them dead bodies, them lost houses, the mayor say dont worry bout it
And the children have been scarred, no ones here to care bout em
And lash out, to all the rappers that helped out
Yea we like it they call on y'all, but fuck president (Geeoorrggiaa) Bush
We see them Confederate flags, you know what it is
A white cracker muthafucka that probably voted for him
And no he ain't gonna drop no dollas, but he do drop bombs
R.I.P. Tig' cause he died in the storm, fuck president (Geeoorrggiiaa) Bush
See us in ya city man, give us a pound
Cuz if a nigga still movin then he holdin it down
I had two Jags, but I lost both them bi-tch-es
I'm from N.O. the N.O. Yea!

[Chorus]

(DJ Drama: oh yea, you thought we was done?  Naw)

YEA!
Money money money get a dollar and a dick
Weezy Baby that crack, muthafucka get a fix
Got money out the ass, no homo but I'm rich
Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist YES
Yep, I'm a muthafuckin trip
I'ma trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit
Nine hundred to a grand, get you twenty eight grams
If you talkin bout bricks, I'm the interstate man
And the women say damn, them niggas don't say a damn thing
Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed-spring
Walkin a thin line, gotta defend mine
And wit no pen I'm sorta like a bomb BOOM
Young toon, yea that's what my people call me
Fifty thousand for the cause, tryin keep the reaper off me
I drink a lotta syrup, bitches say I'm sleep walkin
Big money for the grill, so I'm never cheap talking, yea
Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip
And keep sparking, pap pap sleep softly
Yea, nap nap, nap sack, three forties
Like fuck another nigga, nigga just don't be da target
Young New Orleans nigga, nigga just don't be retarded
We done lost everythin and you lookin like a bargain
Purple weed, purple drink, purple heart sergeant
I'm the best rapper in the game no argin (arguing)

And I don't ever write, pause
Un-pause this, so keep ya bitch ass lines inside the margin
Lil Wayne dot com bitch log in
Put a pillow under your knees and keep ya jaws in
All in ya girl mouth, use her like a toilet
They usually want a baller and the young nigga ballin
Mike Jordan, pardon my swag
Even my father rich as fuck and all my brothers left the family
We said fuck it bought two houses in Miami
I can't wait to do cribs, MTV c'mon get at me
Any rapper wan get at me, tell ya label contact me
Half four hundred for a feature, wanna battle, I'll beat ya
I'm a beast, I'm a preacher, I'm the son of miss cita
Mom dukes, my jeter, she the reason, she the reason
Everybody woman wanna beat a boy diva, not even
There's a 305 dime I wanted ever since I seen her
Got a topic of this evenin, hotter than a tub steamin
Gotcha girlfriend dreamin of one day bein Trina
Notta sim seemer, ten ki's in the Beamer
Got a white girl drivin, couldn't do it much cleaner
I'm fly in the sky like that muthafuckin ribbon
Bitches got my name on em, and the nigga still livin
Spend a condo and a club, one bottle won't do
Two bottles won't do, bottles for the whole crew, thanks
And bring me that Patrone, I don't play
No ice I like my drink straight, not gay
And bitch that bank come everyday, I'm paid
I wish a nigga come invade, get sprayed
I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs
Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days
Behave, no ho, I'm on that Rage Rov
Cash Money, Young Money, ho that money age old
And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove
Sorry mami I be stoned, I be, I be, I be blowed
Got me copy rock star, Weezy Baby fuck these hos
Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hos
Price sizin for a show and the flow
So either Drama is my nigga, or that boy got doe
Go figure that's my nigga, that's my nigga, my nerve
If anybody else want it, sixty thousand a verse[Chorus] + (Lil Wayne talkin over the chorus)
(Ha) We over here hustlin', (yeah) we over here grindin' (Huh?)
We over here hustlin', we over here grindin' (Somebody say somethin to me?)
We over here hustlin', we over here grind- (Well, tell 'em I say, "Fuck 'em!")
I'm all, I'm all about my pap-, I'm all, I'm all about my paper (Ha!)
We over her hustlin', we over her grindin' (Cocky! I know)
We over her hustlin', we over her hus' (I work hard bitch)
We over here grind- (+I can do dat+)
I'm all, I'm all about my pap-, (ain't that right?) I'm all, I'm all about my paper

[Lil Wayne]
Now ask me what I'm doin, that's me in the hook
And I just keep on kickin' it, kickin' it, like a knee and a board
Yes, Wayne straight like a ki of that good
And if that bitch don't know the rules then I will read her the book
I got the key to the boat, I got the key to the jet
I got the key to sucess, get money invest
Re-up wit' the rest, I got a sweeter connect
That mean my weed is the best, Joe can even the stress
Ok, the coupe is ridiculous, and the jeep is a mess
Let's call my bullets a lump, cuz I put 'em deep in ya neck
+Adam's Apple+ meet +Banana Clip+, ya'll know my script 
I just get my +chips+ and then I +dip+, and then I dip
They say the bullshit walks, the money talks
So I don't answer, I don't answer unless the money calls
Yeah that's my word, that's my word, no I wouln't front for ya'll
It's money over everything and bitches under all...M.O.B.!!

[Chorus] + (Baby talkin over the chorus)
Yeah shorty
I wish one of them pussies would tell me somethin nigga
Fuck 'em, +Like Father, Like Son+, we goin' the bank on these bitches
Half a mil' in the grill on these pussies...pussies!
Uptown, we in this mother fucker, AK toters, +Hood Rich+ mother fucker
Get money or die bitch! One hundred!

[Baby]
I say Uptown poppin', Uptown rockin'
Uptown made us, it's the home of them +Hard Knocks+
Cook up a whole block, kitted up in all white
Ridin with a chopper and black diamonds, and it all nice
Shop til you pop bitch, do your own thing hoe
Got the game from KC, suckin flow, 6 Court
Bling bling king nigga, money ain't a thing nigga
Ridin in the Lamborgini, suicidal eagle wings
Assault rifles, my lil homies big poppas
Comin thru the attic, 20 in that heli-choppa
Zip it and whip it nigga, that's how we ship it nigga
Burn it and light it, then we dip it and we hit it nigga
I spent a mil' on my grill, for real
Cuz we be stuntin' while we husltin' nigga, makin these hills
We be grindin' while we shinin' nigga, packin' the steel
Stay fly, get money nigga, stack it and bulid

[Chorus]

[Baby]
I say we deep in the game nigga, we switchin' them lanes nigga
Got blood money homie, no pain no gain nigga
50 a fame nigga, a G a name nigga
That's what we do nigga, claim ya fame nigga
Hop out a Range nigga, fang in hand nigga
Stop all that reppin' 'fore I, send some flames nigga
All this money nigga, jewelery and fame, yes I
Cuz we be stuntin' nigga (Uh huh) Movin' them things nigga (Look!)

[Lil Wayne]
Paper paper, paper, all I need is paper
Green paper, white chalk, yellow tape-a
Make ya, shirt look like you got on a butcher's apron
Go 'head and make a steak then...bitch nigga
Rich nigga talkin', this our money sign
I'm just chillin', but my money still runnin' 'round
Yeah, and I do-oz what I does, you niggaz couldn't even be who I was, ha!

[Chorus]

[Baby talkin' over the chorus]
Unbelieveable!
Un-mother fuckin-believable the type of shit we do
Shit, what's the business OC Jones, KC, Shahib-Muhuammed
World! What it do OG Calvin? Bo Miller, Status Jackson
My nigga Sqaloob, Big Rufus, all my +Hood Rich + g's
And one o' my niggaz gangsta, all my AK dudes[Chorus]
Vrooom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Wut I'm doin, gettin money, wut we doin, gettin money
Wut they doin, hatin on me, but they neva cross
Cash money still the company, and bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin like my daddy, stuntin like my daddy
Stuntin like my daddy, I be stuntin like my daddy
I'm the, young stunna, stuntin like my daddy
Stuntin like my daddy, I be stuntin like my daddy

[Verse 1]
Yeah bitch I'm paid, thats all I gotta say
Cant see my lil nigga, cuz the money in the way
And I'm, I'm sittin high, a gansta ride blades
If you ain't gone ride fly than you might as well hate
Shit I gotta eat yeah even though I ate
No it ain't my birthday but I got my name on my cake
Shit believe that, if ya mans wanna play
Im'ma fuck around and put that boy brains on the gate
Hey pick 'em up, FUCK 'em let 'em lay
Where I'm from we see a fuckin dead body everyday
Thats, uptown, throw a stack at 'em
Make a song about me I'm throwin shots back at 'em
Ya bitch I'm a pipe, and she like a crack attic
And she saw me cookin EGGS and she though I was back at it
I grab the keys, hoe I gotta go
I got my motorcycle jacket and my motorcycle loafs

[Chorus]

Shorty 98's, 45 paper plates
10 the whole thang big money heavy weight
A hundred stacks, spend 50 on a caddy, 25 on the pinky,
Bought a pound of blow and bounced back
Matching grills, big houses on the hill
Got them hoes in the kitchen all cookin pan meals
I starta holla, dollar after dollar
Flippin chickens gettin tickets want the money and the power
Born stunna, uptown hunter
3rd war G nigga been about money
Ice chunky, birdman redmonkeys
White Tees on tha chromed out 11 hundreds
you know we shine every summer, we grind every summer
And this is how we spend money
You see them bentleys and them lambs'
Them ounces and them grams, bitch we was born hustlas

[Chorus]

Yeah when I was 16 I bought my first mercedes benz
I must've fucked a thousand bitches and a girlfriend
White leather, hot new bare rims, brand new pistol with a trigger like a hair pin
Big work, we dont need scale man, big papers say good mornin to the mail man
What'cha now bout putting bricks in the spare man
I can stuff a coupe like a muthafucken caravan
I'm in my zone my arm is so rare man if theres a song you lookin at the chair man
How you want it, show me my opponent....throw me my opponent
I'm still ballin, a bullet gotta get me
And I've never been a pussy cause my hood never let me
A made nigga got made niggaz wit me
I'ma motorcyle boy so I'm about to pop a wheelie

[Chorus]

Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Veerom veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Cash money still the company and bitch I'm the boss

Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Veerom veerom on a yamaha chromed out 11 hundred
Cash money still the company and bitch I'm the boss[Chorus]
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki

[Birdman]
Yeah, hustlin on my city streets
Tryna get a whole ki (I bought my frist ki, my first ki)
In 93 and we was gettin 'em like for 25
Columbian connect, homey we was gettin fly
We on the grind and our nuts got bigga
And every day we in the muthafuckin hood our guns got bigga
Stuntin on them niggas, gettin money stayin fly every day a nigga spendin
Ridin 25s and we blazin gettin high, nigga showin off his ride
Crusin through the beach nigga rollin in them bimmers
Them people pull me over hatin cause they can't see us
Know I got the money (laws won't leave me alone)
Now they actin funny cuz they know a nigga strong
Money long and we comin

I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)

[Lil Wayne]
I ain't have to touch a piece of work since '94
I lost my daddy in '96 and started makin moves
In '98 (i got a brand new lexus coupe)
(now them laws won't leave me alone)
They pull me over, lock me up, I bail out on my own
I call my poppa on the phone, tell him cook up a zone
I leave a house with a pocket full of stones
Got them hoes slangin, hidin packs in they titties
Them small chest bitches gotta put it in they butt
(20s in them they can't fuck wit us)
I got so many hoes
(it's to the flow or I don't see, don't know)
(now they won't leave me alone)
Man I got so much dough
(it's to the flow or I don't see, don't know)
(now they won't leave me alone)
Weezy baby d boy

[Chorus:]
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha
I bought my first ki
Bought my bought my first ki
I bought my first ki from my baby momma brotha (cooked it up myself and started ...)

[Birdman]
And I ain't touch a mothafuckin ki since '04
And thats the word that we servin, look thats all we know
Them niggas talkin shit but we the niggas wit the cash flo'
(i still smoke that weed, smoke that smoke that smoke that weed)
And i'm back on the beach and we blowin out the whole beat
My ak mack eleven represent the 3
Gangsta like a mothafucka me and my homies

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, my nigga rabbit was a og
My momma husband thats what show me (my first ki)
Yup, then you know I had to be a hustla
I started sellin hubbers[Intro]
There ain't no loooovee like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like
Like father like son, nigga like, like, like, like, like
Like father like, like father like son nigga
There ain't no loooovee like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like
Like father like son, nigga like, like, like, like, like
Like father like, like father like son nigga

[Verse 1: Birdman]
Yeah
It's filthy with quarter ki's in the kitchen on 'em
The block is hot but we out here gettin it on 'em
And keep a tool everytime we hit the streets
Cause these niggas act a fool and we be quick to put it on 'em
Them tear drops homie we so not
The nigga to fuck with cause we will pop
.40 cal keep it cocked nigga ready to block
Keep a gun a extra clip homie thats how we rock
And like father like son daddy we dont borrow
We stay on the grind homie cause we grind harder
And fuckin with me homie you wont like
you be the next t-shirt, we in ya hood all night
We got birds flyin out and we've allowed the pipes
We do this state to state thing and cheat the price
And Rufus came home and I told him to shave
But he was tellin me about them pussy niggas back in the eighties, baby

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Listen,
Birdman put me on when I was just eleven
He was my teacher, so I was like fuck the lesson
He was my preacher, so I was like fuck the reverend
My mother sita, she said that I was with the devil
My mother sita, now say that he was sent from heaven
So, I take heed to every single word that he tell me
And I remember what my poppa told me
Remember what my poppa told me, Young Stunna

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Yeah
Im out c'here homie pitchin the game
And yes I do the whole thing nigga give me my change
Yes we do the same thing out the brand new Range
Little nigga like his father homie doin his thing
We keep the gun for paper homie aimed and cocked
Every nigga in my circle homie ready to pop
We be ridin drop tops thats just how we rock
And ill be ridin in the Phantom through my up town blocks
Nigga

[Chorus]

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Alright money on my mind
Look I-I-I I hear you niggas wisperin
I say wisperin cause you niggas ain't hollerin bout shit
Po'  pussy ass niggas gangster and me
Look Birdman jr fuck the world pops
And we gon keep it movin even if the world stops
Stay strapped and laced like girl socks
Stay dapped and drapped like a birthday cake
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sippin on oowey when we thirsty
Ya know, I do believe the moneys cursed me
So I pray to God that the devil dont murk me, uh
Lil' Wizzle but you bitches call me first place
And papa taught me paper chase never skirt chase
I put you niggas in the closet in the shirt space
You niggas yellow like Sesame street Bert's face
Worst case scenario, burial
Two tone Carara like Mascara, uh
The G4 take your boy where ever
Like father, like son the era, nigga

[Chorus][Chorus 1 - Lil Wayne]
I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady
And you can never pay me I'm from Uptown baby
I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands
Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Nigga I ain't got a money printer
So for this paper chase I'm out runnin' sprinters
Yes the last two Cash Money members
Shout out to the new Cash Money members
Baby and Slim still point guard and center
So much money on my mind it's all I remember
And I just bought a gun wit' a extender
And that bitch hold me up like suspenders
Cut like a blender sharper than a bitch
They got so many pussy niggaz I can make a list
Niggaz wonder why I stress that I am the best
'Cause even bobble heads tell me yes.. haha
Put it on the hood I'm Hollygrove to death
I'm already good I'm workin' on my left
A jungle on my wrist a circus on my neck
Don't forget the Baby no don't forget the F

[Chorus 2 - Lil Wayne - 2X]
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
Brush the platinum grab the straps homie make it happen
Comin' through my neighborhood wit' 4's on the Caddy
Limo tints out the pound and Uptown crackin'
Red bandanna duckin' feds and the money stackin'
Rest in peace to Miss Gladys like e'eryday
We on the grind for the shine and we gon' get paid
Spent a mill' on the wheels custom wit' the navi'
2 of the same whips we doin' it big livin' lavish

[Lil Wayne]
This is a Scott Storch and I'm a hot torch
And gettin' money is my sport
And understand the rap game is my court
So I shall walk and come forth like a Rockport
Or some sort of... matchin' slippers or yacht shoes
See I don't cruise control I control the cruise
Yes... I gets throat on a boat
And I vow to never fall like soap on a rope and

[Chorus 1 - Lil Wayne]
I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady
And you can never pay me I'm from Uptown baby
I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands
Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

[Verse 3 - Birdman]
Fresh wit' the hustle so we bounce back on them suckers
Blowin' big doin' gigs got it ran in hundreds
They reppin' layin' here we stuntin'
On the grind all the time homie gettin' money
3rd Ward soldier 13th gangsta
17th hustler known top ranker
Money go getter them clowns can't figure
Poppin' at the mouth like this cutter won't split 'em
Know how to survive hustlin' stayin' fly
My whole hood cried when my lil' brother died
Know I had to ride never let it slide
It's just the G in me and I'ma get it til I die daddy

[Chorus 2 - Lil Wayne - 2X]
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

[music to fade][Chorus - T-Pain - 2X]
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture) Click click
(Take a picture) click click
(Check me out!) Yeah I know what I'm doin'

[Verse 1 - Rick Ross]
Started wit' a nick then I seen a hundred bricks
Started on a corner now a nigga 106
Heroin ain't quiet nah you can't quiet mine
I got the whole dirty south in line buyin' mine
You know I gotta shine you just bezzle yours
I Fifty-carat mine I'm fuckin' several whores
When you hear the (brrrr) you know I got the sack
'Cause when I hit the (brrrr) he always got the packs
M-I-Yayo I'm gettin' cake hoe
If you don't love Cash Money you can stay broke
Fifty on the chain twenty for the piece
A grand for the bitch the whip is not a lease
You know I'm stuntin' hard Phantom in the front yard
Put Ross on the front just to front hard
Cash Money money comin' on freight liners
Cash Money got me buyin' these great diamonds

[Chorus - T-Pain - 2X]

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
We got the swine wit' the suede on top
The money keep a-comin' nigga peep the droptops
The white keep cookin' and the beige raw rock
And we flip the whole bird mama cookin' out the pots
Keep the tool in my hand 'cause we get it 'round the clock
Untangle few knots but we still flood the blocks
Them niggaz poppin' shit but they know we stay cocked
And if they ever play wit' me I'm gettin' another till dropped
250 on the grill spent the same on the watch
Them hoes see us winnin' so you know they gon' flock
I bought another island wit' them foreign head lights
I scored a hundred birds and they flew the same night
Them laws keep a-watchin' so we shinin' so bright
Got the tags on the windows and them brand new bikes
Big Money Heavyweight nigga that's my life
Neighborhood superstars got the candy on the whips and the bike nigga

[Chorus - T-Pain - 2X]

[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
Started wit' some hubbers 12 years old
Maan I swear to God I was 12 years old
My mama didn't know and Stunna ain't know 'bout it
'Til the day I got shot they found some money in my pocket
Yeah... I know a nigga named Big Rufus that'll break ya off
Them niggaz runnin' up the terminal we takin' off
They say that money turn a model bitch into a dog
And I got a couple Eva Pigfords in my backyard
Nigga I mack hard bitch I'm a bad boy
Fuck a security guard I turn 'em into track stars
You know my name baby that's Weezy Fuckin' Baby
And if that nigga hatin' on ya then fuck him baby
I tell 'em fuck 'em girl
18 inch windows in my crib you'll see the whole world
Bitch what you tryna do? I haven't spent a check yet off Tha Carter 2
I am that fuckin' dude now who the fuck are you?

[Chorus - T-Pain - 2X]

[music to fade]Yeah...Yeah
Check me out man..Yeah

[Lil Wayne]
Original gangsta, black clothes and bangers
Bullet shells and chambers, fill the L's up
We stay low from the ranges cause they tryin to tame us, but we brainless
And just think, I'm one sell out record away from being famous
Shit I guess I ain't it
You could paint it how you may, but I remain this gangsta 'til the day I lay
where the worms stay
I spit it for my nigga's sake
I spit it for myself a long time ago
Got a few houses, few whips, few condos
I'm so straight I'm pointin
The game is hurtin, and baby boy the ointment
Baby boy the president now
Shit you gotta make an appointment
Two record labels
You should come join 'em
Do check the label
And make sure it's yellow or rose 'fore you bring it to my table

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Gansta's don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it
I'm still a G, thuggin out in public, believe it
Gansta's don't die, they get chubby and they move to Miami, I move to Miami
I'm banned from Wet Willies, but a nigga like fuck it
I'm still a G, thuggin out in public, straight up

[Birdman]
Yeah...
Nigga playin, doing about 180
Mazeratti, matchin drop top sun shade
Gotta be fly, P1 nigga, spent about five on a condo high in the sky
G4 whenever, fly in any weather
Had to pop a few pussies that was bad feathers
Million on the floor
Thats fo' sho' that lil' homie got the flow, so we all just goin flow
And don't think about the past
A little water came, now we floatin on everything
Niggaz doing about anything, killin while they hustlin
Niggaz puttin it in for the change
So we headed to the game, Culpepper gettin his roll on
I'm on the side with that bling
And outside, got them thangs
Them Phantoms out there, we do it up, switchin lanes

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Naw, don't fuck with that dogg
Yo, I'm gonna knock your fuckin head off
And I'm coming back hard
Stunner get me to work, and I'm runnin that off
I'm comin back with it, and let my team split it
With a swagger you can't get, naw you can't get it
Shit, bitch I pop like Diddy, I pop like when he goin stop? When it's empty
And you still drawing Leonardo D'Vinci

[Birdman]
Trap me, I'm in there early, gettin money ridin dirty
Uptown puttin in down blowin out the pound
Duffle bag full of cash when I come around
The lil' homie got the game so I put him down
Hold my town, world wide wearin a crown
Like father like son, got it off the mound
Like father like son, nigga's stand their grounds
Like father like son, nigga fuck them clowns

[Chorus]

[Birdman] (over chorus)
Yeah nigga,
Un-fuckin-believable
I know y'all hear some more shit about me and my little young nigga
You know, they mouth like they ass
Anything will come outta that motherfucker ya' heard me
Big shouts to all them cities who opened your arms to us nigga
And let us through that motherfucker, ya' heard me
Cause that water ran us out that motherfucker, but we did bounce back
Believe that 305, 404, 713, all that, Dallas, Kansas
Everybody ya' heard me, Oklahoma, yeah, everybody, the whole world[Lil' Wayne]
Ha.. I'm.. so cool

[Baby]
Yeah nigga, stand one, blow one nigga

[LW]
Bird.. man

[B]
I promise you, we gon' give 'em what they want 'til they come get us nigga

[LW]
Bird.. man, J-R, ya know

[B]
You feel me?
When gon' chase it 'til we can't chase it no more
So y'all might as well eat this food nigga
And it got to be the best of the best
One, come one shorty, get with me nigga

[Lil' Wayne]
See I, ride when I gotta, grind cuz I gotta
Milk this game 'til it's sour
Why I gotta do the backstreets when it's hotter
Even though the boy smooth sellin' like Prada, speak up
The tool yellin' like, holla, y'heard me?
Got the fools bailin' like Jackie, Kersee
You try join him, I can help you with that
I'm important in rap but I'm special with gats
You know the young god bless you in fact, like you sneezed or somethin'
Even with a stack of money in they hand, they ain't squeezin' nothin'
I'm Weezy fuck it
Leave a motherfucker wheezin' when I asthma pump him, yeah
And I don't ask for nothin' boy, I only ask them buggy boy
And as for money, watch the young god turn cash to money
Cuz that's him

[Chorus 2x: Lil' Wayne]
Yea, and we ain't stressin' 'bout shit
We grindin' like a mo'fucker tryin' stay rich
The cops on my trail so my track I switch
See niggaz with money shouldn't act like this

[Baby]
Yeah, pimpin', there's some fraud 'round here
Nigga better stop hatin' before they disappear
I see the same ol' shit
and pop the same ol' shit 'til your neighborhood hit, bitch
Disrespect that Nolia dogg
Them third world Hot Boy soldiers dogg
And make a nigga understand
when you fuckin' with a soldier with the grandmaster plan nigga
I'm tryin' to make a few million
buy a few buildings, one day stop dealin'
And go and raise my children
Got it on my mind, that's the way a nigga livin'
I bring ya back '84
Dope game jumpin' when the water hit the flo' nigga
Cuz we was doin' it dogg
Everybody gettin' money, we was doin' it dogg

[Chorus]

[Lil' Wayne]
Weezy, and I ride to the end of the road
and I'm hotter than a fire on the end of the fo'
and plenty times I had to get it from the flo'
But I made it to the ceilin' and every wall could hear me
And if these walls could talk, they probably cry
Like the strings on the guitar
And see you, you with that bullshit that's leighway to the do'
Only to cut off the lights, g'night

[Baby]
Look, it's Sunday, we in the hood gettin' our groove on
Every nigga uptown gotta have they tool on
Yeah, and they Birdman'd down
Nigga represent the bling cuz I hold my own crown nigga
Shit, a hood rich high clique
That come from the slums where they pack extra clips, I love 'em nigga
the only way that we know is how to flip and rescore 'em
and go and get some more dough, nigga

[Chorus]

[Baby]
Yeah, this grindin' to another linin' nigga
Know what I'm sayin'?
If you in the way, you'll get moved over nigga
Think I'ma let one of you bitch niggaz stop me from gettin' a billion dollars nigga?
Fuck ya and what ya made of nigga
Y'understand? Nigga got a problem with this shit
That's your shit nigga
Suck a nigga dick a die nigga
Birdman, made man nigga
Yeah, that's how it's goin' diggity nigga
Fuck anything in between
If you in the line of duty nigga you got your issue, feel me?
One[Hook: Birdman]
We got the diamond in the back (Yea)
Tinted rolled up (Yea)
Blowin' out the pound
In a brand new truck

Where ya at wit' it?
Let's go and get it
If you a real d-boy
Money over bitches

[Intro over the hook]
Yea, this one here for uptown
I know we lost a lot that we gon' never get back
All the time, but it's a must that we do this here homeboy
Yea, uptown already nigga!

[Verse 1: Birdman]
Slap a bitch wit' a pound and a ki
Twenty of them thangs, ten on my street
Hundred at my crib, ten fo' a beat
Fifty on a Caddy wit' the swine suade seats
Twenty on a bike, third world peace
Two on the yaucht, million on the fleet
Fo' five fo' a pound of that leaf
A hundred dollaz for a chopper on the streets
We uptown, we gon' ride 'til we die nigga
We stay fresh, get money stay fly nigga
Ain't nuttin' changed I ride them skinny tires
Wit' the candy on the slab, on the buttons wit' them twenty-fives
From no money nigga, now we talk Ca$h Money
From lil' money nigga, now we talk big money
From no nothin' now we all sayin' somethin'
Mo' money nigga, mo' money nigga

[Hook] - 2X

[Verse 2: Birdman]
What it do H-Town?
Wha's up B-Town?
Wha's up A-T-L?
Chea
Hit the town in a Phantom and a G
Wit' two pounds, two broads and a suite
Two toned everything a nigga see
Burnin' rubber in these motherfuckin' streets
Made man, ol' head taught me
Like father, like son we a G
Sixty-four seventy-eight tiger seats
Ol' school drop tops on the beach
Birdman, we do this 'cuz we stunnas
Ain't nuttin' changed in them brand new Hummas
Hood rich, we do it fo' the numbas
Tha fo' fives and the tens and the hundreds
Two fifteen nigga talkin' cash shit
Got a hundred from my bitch she a badd bitch
Money won't change nigga neva average
That's why I'm livin' this bitch so lavish

[Hook] - 2X

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Yea nigga
We been blowin' out the pound all day hustlin'
Ya heard me?
And this is how we get down at the end of the night
After all that grindin'
Shit
I'm in the club, hoez showin' love
Nigga know we got it, that's why they wanna plug
Pussy poppin' shit, like they wanna thug
Knowin' they ain't 'bout it and them clips gon' bust
I got stacks, that's jus' how it is
Boy Mack supa fly in a Coupe Deville
And got birds in the field
Grindin' all the time
Tryna get a mill'
Neighborhood superstar, third world gangsta
I put mines in, did a lil' more thinkin'
Shine in the summer
Minx in the winter
Ice year round
Twenty on the pinky
Damn my town
Went down sinkin'
Made my rounds
Bounced back bankin'
Neva fold
That's what make me
Make the money
Don't let it break ya

[Hook] - 2X

Yea
That's what it do nigga
We better hustlaz than you nigga
Money longer than yours lil' nigga
Believe that
One hundred
Wha's up Weezy baby?
Them niggaz can't see us man
We barely can see us, ya heard? {*fades out*}[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
My leather so soft My top so soft
I'll probably have it off these niggaz so soft
And I go so hard
Bitch I go so hard... she said
My leather so soft My top so soft
I'll probably have it off these niggaz so soft
And I go so hard
Bitch I go so hard...

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I get money hoe fuck what you talkin' 'bout
Straight out the slaughterhouse straight out the dragon's mouth
Fire you can't put out tires are standin' out
The coupe look pigeon-toed I be in a different mode
I be wit' them different hoes No I mean them different hoes
I mean them Weezy bumbaclot different hoes
And as far as terrific goes
They kiss that dick wit' no mistletoes
Diamonds and pearls and pussyholes snortin' coke til they nose bleed
I'm sittin' high on them inches I'm in the nosebleeds
I'm on a paper chase until my toes bleed
Then I get on these beats and let my soul bleed
I put 'em in ya head and watch the holes bleed
My rag always red like when them hoes bleed
Now that's coldbleed I mean cold blooded
And I'm so southern that's why my leather so soft

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
She soft as a bush nigga she purple like kush nigga
We high on that money nigga we get it from cook nigga
Hit her wit' that crook nigga fuckin' wit' crooks nigga
Know we 'bout that money and we stackin' like books nigga
Know what I do nigga them teardrops is true nigga
We stay so fly ride Bentley coupes nigga
Rolls Royce ganishes and asses by the beaches
Blowin' on that puff and we drivin' foreign features
Higher than whoever nigga know we 'bout that cheddar nigga
Know I got a tommy gun gave one to my young'n son
And we got it together
Forty-seven fifty-one you gon' hear us when we come daddy

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
You see the paper gon' come if not I'm gon' get it
I gotta die wit' money 'cause I wasn't born wit 'it
It was 9-27-82 baby do Charity
Hospital aka the city zoo no pity due to
No one nobody not all man
They dropped us in the game and everybody's tryna ball
And the small hand'll touch ya the large hand'll cut ya
But until that day I'll be a motherfuckin' stunna... nigga

[Birdman]
Ball 'til I fall I done did it for my dawgs
Ball 'til I fall I done did it for y'all
Ball 'til I fall I done did it for me nigga
Ball 'til I fall that's the way it's gon' be nigga
Up in the early I done did it for sunshine
Candy on the paint everytime I touch mine
Nine stay cocked 'cause I'm good wit' firin' mines
Alligator wit' the suede ridin' them 25's

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]

[music to fade][Chorus]
Yeah yeah yeah (I got army gunz)
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I got army gunz)
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I got army gunz)
Yeah yeah yeah (I-I-I-I-I got army gunz)
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game
Now ya know I play it like a pro in the game

[Lil Wayne]
Okay I'm out 'chea you niggaz done started it ya ordered it
Bullet find a home in ya arteries pardon me
But them niggaz won't touch not a part of me bet on it
Them niggaz belong in a sorority ain't that a bitch
Burn they bodies up for the authorities no evidence
You gon' stop fuckin' wit' them warriors from New Orleans
And I really think that it'd be better if
I just hit ya block wit that baretta and hop out and let her rip
Let her bang let her bust etcetera etcetera
You niggaz is scared of the southern part of America
Here it come got her done never caught without one
Niggaz wanna ball so I guess I gotta bounce 'em
Smokin' on a ounce of that shit from the mountains
People say I need to stop no I need a counselor
And I'm here you are gonna need a chopper
And I'ma need a lawyer and you gon' need a doctor
Why? Because...

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Get at 'em we hit 'em up if they rattin'
Niggaz ain't fuckin' wit' the boy them niggaz softer than satin
I'm feelin' awfully aggy yes I walk wit' the maggy
I tell him park in a alley and leave 'em parked in the alley
Niggaz talkin' about me but they ain't talkin' it at me
'Cause if they talkin' it at me then I'm just talkin' to caskets
All that talkin' is pussy bitch you better make ya words strong
'Cause the shit gettin' chiseled on ya tombstone
What they do I got a chopper in the UHaul
Make a real nigga bring it back to '92 dog
Bring his ass to the river drop the fool off
Hope he can swim wit' them concrete shoes on
I got the gun right beside me who don't?
Got beef homie I was just gettin' hungry
When you come bitch you better bring a army
We can do it in the streets and throw a gansgta party nigga
Why? Because...

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Thirty shots in the clip niggaz let's trip
Line 'em up put 'em down on the guest list
These niggaz 'bout to make me go Rambo
I'ma take the shit as far as it can go
War is the answer if ya questionin' the general
Snap shots at'cha baby you are just a centerfold
And less Kenneth Cole niggaz seem plenty bold
Pull that bitch out alright don't make me get my fishin' pole
Them niggaz hoes really doe
I would swing down there wit' any O Forty-Fo' and let 'em go
Let 'em know that I ain't never been sweet and won't be
Yes I'll be right here on the ground when you want me
Make a nigga have to come back like wit' the smack
Thomas bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact
And I ain't never killed no one jack
But I'm honest bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact
Why? Because...

[Chorus][Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I know some niggaz that'll merk ya for a quarter birdy
You bitch ass niggaz just be lucky that the boy ain't hurtin'
I got the money to lag and I got that swagger workin'
I'm smokin' somethin' I can't pronounce behind them Phantom curtains
What is you holl'in' bitch I'm on some gangsta shit
She wanna make me dinner I tell her make me rich
You fuckin' wit' a winner but I come from a little
Hoe but bet I can take that dirt and turn that shit glitter
I leave the work wit' her yeah she my baby sitter
And if I find out she stealin' for realer I'ma kill her
I'm just a money maaan so where the dollars at
??? beat that until them flowers black
She wanna ride on this I make her ride wit' that
Her pistol in the ceilin' that's her survival pack
And do I love her nawww man I just love her spirit
Blind deaf or crazy it's money over bitches

[Chorus - Lil Wayne - 2X]
Now everybody that I know get that money baby
And we ain't worryin' 'bout them hoes get that money baby
You get that cooked or that blow you done called a baller
If you ain't talkin' 'bout that dough homie what'cha talkin'

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
So get'cha game up take a bitch break a bitch
Strap her down wit' work and tell her don't trip take a trip
Get'cha hustle up the money's what you make of it
These niggaz want it cooked and I done closed down the bakery
So stop stuntin' homie false promotin'
It ain't about what'cha makin' it's about what ya totin'
Burn him up leave him naked bring him back to his wife
The bitch ain't even cry 'cause he was livin' that life
These niggaz think I'm slippin' 'cause I'm fallin' back
Bitch I got money in the walls for that
Young'n get it from the ground homie hold the hood down and
Don't make a sound if them people swing around this bitch
Do ya thang whoa' hustle try to stay low
This is for my old school G's who ain't around this bitch
But shawty they ain't fuckin' wit' pops
Let them niggaz chase that pussy we gon' follow that guap... yeah

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3 - Birdman]
Fifty stacks in the garden in the backyard
Money talkin' turn a key into a crack charge
Y'all niggaz ain't eatin' how we eatin' B
Fuck how we used to be now we how we need to be
If they ain't wit' us they must be against us
We shoot 'em in the head 'cause they act like they senseless
If you ain't gettin' bread nigga keep yo' distance
We sharks over here nigga keep on fishin'

[Lil Wayne]
Money money money is my intuition
Money over bitches such an easy decision
Young Money money men monster militia
Hardbody these niggaz boxes of tissue
That nina will kiss ya that chopper will twist ya
Them .380 snapshots now smile for the pictures
Weezy motherfuckin' Baby pay me
My 9-to-5 is overrated I'm on that grind hoe

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right nah

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida and I swore
that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right money right

The pots hot as the rock expands it the paper chasin
man on the clock like hands grindin
like teeth get money like heath cliff hukstable keep it comin
like keith gotta meke last forever for worse
or for better gotta make it past the devil
so guns I got several and everybody plays the fool says aaron
nevelle but I just play to win holler back like heavy metal
smellin like pedals from a rose so they hoes
my breads buildin bagels and legos when I rose
they froze trust me for the pesos I'm an a hole AK holes
think face blow and understand talkin money
by the case loads gun off safety I'm in safe mode
I will hold court until the case closed
brown bag bitch

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right nah

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right money right

young new investment aint no turnin me back
had the rubber band stacks in the button king sack
and I aint never goin back sike I love the life standin
under the street ilght tryin to get off that white
at a reasonable price nah I aint tryin to bargain
wit ya niggas hatin well I guess they gonna be
starvin wit you I got 2 jobs I sell and cop shit
like father like son well I was adopoted
I told the birdman stunna gimme a chance and I don't even wanna
tell you waht I did with my advance cause I'm only a man
I had to feed my fam takin that hood shit
and copped about 24 grams man I guess it is what it is it
was what it was before the rap game I waas sellin drugs
either way I'm six figures before my first record
I'll stunt yall don't respect my my work habits I'm a hustla

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right nah

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right money right

yeah thank you up nigga uptown from an 8 to a quarter
from a half to a brick from an 0 to the ozies
that how I'm hood rich and murder was the case got me
emptyin a lot clips stunna hollerin birdman
nigga right back in this bitch 3rd world throw the u
up I'm rollin in the whip with this money on my mind gotta
hustla and to lift them high rise dealin me and youngin
on some shit breaking bread choppin millions
cause a bitch aint shit told as a youngin how roll
with the chopper if money on your block for the money
ima pop ya nigga wanna hate but they money
wouldnt stop us from ridin fly whips now they hoe out
jockin we stunnin while ya hating nigga stunna
is what made ya I hear ya poppin shit
but the birdman raised ya bitch
birdman got an army birdman got a navy
and cash money can't save ya

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right nah

I got the brown bag full of money
I got the work goin to florida
and I swore that I won't ever hustla no more
but I don't never say that no more got my mind
right money rightOhhhwe, ten mins classic daddy, what you know about that?
Cash Money, Young Money, haha, Weezy Wee, where ya at wit' it daddy?
Shit, please believe it

[Lil Wayne]
We back
Yea, the flow won't leave him
I promise baby, I'm in my song
Wizzle, c'mon, wha

[Verse 1, Lil Wayne]
One-ninety proof, sub-nine in a shiny coupe
Up-towners inside the booth, shut down anybody who
Come 'round with a lolly gag, leave found in a body bag
Legs stiff, toes green, give him a title tag
Flossy nigga, but there lies a killer behind the flesh
Bossy nigga, so presidential thanks to my dad
Gotta add, how I got four states to call a pad
I'm mad as a mothafucker, why? I'm rich!
Buy a bag brotha, get a nigga high, I'm lit
I'm bad, I, hit'chu in ya eye and ya bitch
I, hit'cha where ya hide, now ya it, ah, now ya sick
Hot Boy baby, yea, hot cars, stock car, rock star
What'cha know about it? It's not four baby's
Unless ya Weezy F Baby
And, please say the Baby when say it, mothafucker

[Hook, Lil Wayne]
Ridin' in my wheels, late nite
Left arm on the steerin' wheel
Red light, cops in my rear-view
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby I'm so high
Uh huh, again

Ridin' in my wheels, late nite
Left arm on the steerin' wheel
Red light, cops in my rear-view
But fuck them cause I'm high
That's right, baby I'm so high

[Baby]
Yeah nigga, yeah, one hundred, one hundred
Yeah 

[Verse 2, Baby]
See we ride for flame nigga, a G to my name nigga
I do's my thang nigga, I'm gettin' this change nigga
So who's to blame nigga, about the game nigga
They said I did it, so fuck them niggas
I gave the plan nigga, I gave the game nigga
I'm doin my thang, and still, fuck them niggas
I know the lane nigga, I know the pain nigga
I know the fame, and still, fuck them niggas
Nigga, yeah we chillin' with them bitches on us
Holla nigga, while we countin' our hood riches
Thinkin' bout all the hood niggas
Never got a chance to hit lic's for them six figures
Nigga, and if you doin' it how we done it nigga
Watch for the law, cause we knew when it was comin' nigga
And every summer had Hummer's nigga
Spent a million dollars like it wasn't nothin' nigga

[Hook, Lil Wayne]
C'mon
Ridin' in my wheels, late nite
Left arm on the steerin' wheel
Red light, cops in my rear-view
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby I'm so high
Uh huh, again

Ridin' in my wheels, late nite
Left arm on the steerin' wheel
Red light, cops in my rear-view
But fuck them cause I'm high
That's right, baby I'm so high

[Verse 3, Lil Wayne]
Yo, check it
And no bitch can't, and no nigga won't
Fuck with me, play with me, no
Cause I got me fo' sho'
And I got D's to blow, fo' sho'
Come on, now if ya feel me put'cha guns in the air
Pull 'em out, and let the playa haters know that it's there
Bang that mothafucker, and pop that mothafucker

Yeah, fall back young man, who?
Weezy Baby, a hundred grand, ya understand?
Yeah, wife beater fittin' me perfect, exactly
Jeans fallin' off my ass, pocket cash showin'
Rock n' roll, we can rock to my pad, yeah
Cold Saki shots, chilled Petrone, half a glass, yeah
Whoa, now she hot, now it's on, now she bent
I let her clothes drop, while she goin' to my bed
And I'm goin to my bed right behind her
Got a couple questions in her pussy
I picked the night to find 'em
And, I might define 'em if, I hit from right behind her
And get her how I got her, now she diggin' my persona
She, like a virgin, but, like Madonna
I don't believe her at all, I'm just tryna ride ya
Until the seats fall off, but we good
This is Cash Money, Young Money, get it understood

[Hook, Lil Wayne]
C'mon
Ridin' in my wheels, late nite
Left arm on the steerin' wheel
Red light, cops in my rear-view
But fuck them cause I'm high
Yeah, yeah, baby I'm so high
Yeah, again

Ridin' in my wheels, late nite
Left arm on the steerin' wheel
Red light, cops in my rear-view
But fuck them cause I'm high
That's right, baby I'm so high[Birdman]
So light it up and pass the thang to me
I'm fresh off patrol I could smoke a whole P
Can smell it in my clothes you can smell it in my seats
that's how a nigga rolls i was raised in them streets
i'm rolling up a sweet, I'm fillin' it with keef
I'm too high to talk bitch, keep it real brief
IF it ain't about money, you don't even gotta speak
I smoke it in a paper, Weezy smoke it in a leaf
And nigga I'mma Stunna, I got runnas
And we keep them shotguns like hunters
We smoke thunder, it put me under
I'm talkin' bout straight purple kush that thundas
See I be fuckin' with them trees, cuz I'm straight out tha jungle
Keep about five pounds and we ain't even tryin' to hustle
Ya'll already know how that go

[Lil Wayne]
I get my kush from California, get my dro from Arizona
I can get it cross the boarder, I got a Ryda name Winona
And I be calmer than a somma, inside of the phantom
And it's lookin' like a sauna, and I still stay high and I still got my diploma
And I still keep the maggie on me like a Homer
And I'm too sick, man, I'm spittin' out a coma
And I'm still lettin' the money pile like goma
And I smoke that kill, ya'll blowin' on begonias
And I keep a fill of that grass like a farmer
And I keep that armor, try me and I'll spin you around
I'll be with the stars and I ain't talkin' Tinsel Town
That's right the present town, bitches tear the fences down
Like prince in town, boy I shits a pound of that purple rain on the marvin's day
You wit me now? Too high you can't set me down

[Daz]
We got that AK47 white right on set painted
And named it orange purple kush that million dollar top brand

[Kurupt]
I got that white ivory ice tee, docters requestin' dope weed
Blazin' up so much bomb, I got a bad bitch on my side

[Daz]
See see we just smokin' we just smokin'
We just tryin' to fire up
If you got the bomb bomb nigga come and light it up

[Kurupt]
Yeah blaze up ain't nothin like ridin' by, drivin' high
Me and all the homies smokin', dumpin' if you chokin' smokin

[Daz]
Smoke slow when they hit you cuz you might pass out

[Kurupt]
Look over at the bitches, snatch a blunt up out a mouth bitch

[Daz]
Switch it to another scene, that has you smokin' endo green

[Kurupt]
Some homies be on that lean, mix it with that endo weed

[Daz]
Because we fucked up we fucked up, you know that we fucked up

[Kurupt]
I like to smoke and drink, with that nympho plated thang

[Daz]
Because we fucked up, we fucked up, you know that we fucked up[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Young desperado straight out the grotto
I'm so bad my shadow chooses not to follow
Little nigga but see me as a fuckin' rhino
Lil Weezy hit this bitch like Rocky Marciano
It's a drought ain't it? How the fuck would I know?
Nigga I been gettin' my Cher in (share in) like Sonny Bono
I ran the streets... check my bio
I started high wit' two O's just like Ohio
I'm fuckin' nuts... cashews
But I'm so DC like fat shoes
I skate away... like later dudes!
Never get caught baby I'm mashed potato smooth
And just when it stopped... I made it move
Respect me nigga I'm a dog... no Asian food
I wet up the party so have a bathin' suit
And daisy dukes you bitch ass nigga

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
Keep talkin' that shit that you talkin'
And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... keep talkin' that shit that you talkin'
And we gon' have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... 'Cause you aint really even 'bout all that
You ain't really even 'bout all that
And don't'cha forget.. I know ya you ain't 'bout all that
You ain't never been about all that... fall back

[Verse 2 - Fat Joe]
Niggaz must want Joey to lean on 'em
Flash the binky splash his dreams on 'em
Let 'em sleep on it it's nothin' to Crack
Lay the murder game down back to hustlin' packs
Yeah Weezy homie's got yo' back whether raps or macks
Either way they both spit like BRRRRAT!
Nigga... them muhfuckas is broke like them levies
And we done sold so much dope ain't shit you tell me
Nigga... how you want it ??? coke or dog food?
My shit'll have you runnin' naked like an old school
And yeah we 'bout it 'bout it and you ain't ridin' on me
Unless ya got a whole fuckin' suicidal warmin'
And I'm a rider homie and you can find it on me
That 40 cal'll get you ???
This shit is funny to me
All these niggaz frontin' war but they runnin' from me... Crack!

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3 - Birdman]
I had 'em as lil' niggaz raised 'em 'round real niggaz
Poppin' bottles fuckin' wit' them bitches nigga
Made money to the ceilin' me and my young nigga
Chillin' I'm in the streets hustlin' gettin' money nigga
Changed all my new shoes nigga got some new tools
Nigga got some mo' jewels we was gettin' money
And ain't nothin' ever changed still doin' the thang
Still gettin' money still spendin' change
We hustlin' from Sunday to Sunday
And we grindin' everyday like the money ain't comin'
Nigga... yeah we ridin' woodgrains and minks
Got the dope in the Hummer cold case for that thang
I hate the law for what they done did they broke in niggaz cribs
Wish I woulda caught 'em I'dda split they fuckin' wig
3rd Ward let me claim my fame
I put it down Uptown I'ma do my thang believe dat

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]* send corrections to the typist

All brown paper bag (Uh-Oh)
All brown paper bag (Uh-Oh)
All brown all brown - Fi-Fi-Fill (Haha) it up wit' more

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
All brown paper bag -Fill it up wit' ones (Like Father, Like Son biatch!)
All brown paper bag - Fill it up wit' ones (Angel on the beat)
Fill it - Fill it up wit' ones (I tell 'em I tell 'em)

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I got that paper bag full of paper
Bag full of kush
Big choppa I can hit you from a hundred foots
Wha's happenin' Wardy?
How you on it buddy?
Dem bitches checkin' for me
Tell 'em I'm wit' Swizz Swizzy
They call me Wizzy Fizzy
Holla back right now I'm busy
I am the president
You jus' play your position
And I hope that door don't hit ya
Get up outta my office crawfish
Don't let them sharkys get ya
This beat's a car collision
Check out my car collection
Yea look at my rims hoe
Mercades wit' them kidneys
Naw that's a Benzo
I don't pop them pills no
But I pop them rubber bands
Man I can get like fifty thousand in that brown bag

[Hook x3]

[Verse 2 - Birdman]
Yea, nigga
Cook a whole, make it out a whole and a half bitch!
Yea, Birdman in a Benz wit' the duffel stuffed
Gotta chopper wit' a drum and one iced up
Them people hot around my way but we don't give a fuck
We on the grind for the shine tryna come up
A black mack, black six, and a black Hummer
Them thirteen hundreds fourteen hundreds
We be gettin' money
Drop it off, get to work nigga keep it runnin'
Garbage bag full of cash nigga keep it comin'
In my hood Red Phantom nigga we be stuntin'
Got the block blocked off nigga we be hustlin'
Brown duffel bag filled up wit' cash
Sixteen years old wit' a brand new Jag bitch!

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3 - Swizz Beats]
Get it up
In the air
Get it up
In the air
N-N-N-Now money cars clothes hoes
All a nigga know so
I'm from the ghetto so
Gimmie my pesos
All brown paper bag
I could fill it up wit' ones
Nigga fill it up wit' ones
Hey fill it up wit' ones
?????? Dancer Dancer Dancer
Hey hey stuff it in the thang dog
Damn right I be poppin' my collar
In a all black Impala
Makin' fiends wanna holla
Got the suade on my headrest
Gold on my damn bracelet
Hey triple gold nigga
Sucka I ain't ridin' thin
You want me come and get me
I'm in 360 (Ferrari man)
Ca$h Money's wit' me!

[Hook x3]
Like father, like son (repeat to fade)[Lil Wayne]
Yea, yea, yea
Weezy baby y'all, don't get shot
Rappin' fire, what you know about it
I brought my homie along for the ride
He strapped, he came here to come out the barrel

[Robin Thicke]
I heard some shouts like "Down on the floor"
Then even louder we got shooters, shooter
I turn around, I was starin' at chrome
Shotgun watches door, got security good
Jumped right over counter
Pointed gun at, wink, he tell her
I'm your shooter, shooter, shooter

My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, shooter (2x)

[Lil Wayne]
I think they want me to surrender
But no, I can't do it (2x)

So many doubt 'cause I come from the South
But when I open up my mouth, all bullets come out
Bang! Die bitch nigga die I hope you bleed a lake
I'ma play x-ray, helpin' y'all see the fake
I'm just tryin' to be the great, tryin' to get a piece of cake
Take it offa your plate, eat it right in your face
They got a whole lot to say but I don't listen
Call me automatic Weezy bitch I keep spittin', pow

[Robin Thicke] + (Lil Wayne)
With all these riches and, all these riches
But ain't no loaners around
They thinkin about shooters that-shooters that
Guns-Girls-Ladies that-Gunners that
Shoot shoot shoot shoot shooter

Put my hands up
They want me with my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, shooter

[Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke)
But I'm not
I just cry mama, I think they, hey
Me think they want me to surrender (Shooter)

And to the radio stations, I'm tired o' being patient
Stop bein' rapper racists, region haters
Spectators, dictators, behind door dick takers
It's outrageous, you don't know how sick you make us
I want to throw up like chips in Vegas
But this is Southern face it
If we too simple then y'all don't get the basics

[Robin Thicke]
Lady walks into a shotgun surprise
Dropped to her knees saw her life before her eyes
He said "Bitch is gonna get it", everybody gon regret it
I'm your, shooter

My hands up, my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, Shooter (2x)

[Lil Wayne] + (Robin Thicke)
Me won't surrender, me no pretender

Sock soakin' wet I been runnin' y'all
I reload, every hundred yards I'm comin' forward
Better know me, Lil Wayne just call me lord
Hard, take pain like Tylenols, raw
Way past par, for, I'm some shit you never saw
I take you to the shootout baby win lose or draw
And then they ask who when where how
And, my reply was simply pow!

Mama, I think they, hey, me think they want me to surrender
(Shooter, my hands up, my hands up, they want me to surrender) (2x)

No, me won't surrender, no, no
I promise no surrender
I got my burner
And I'm your shooter* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne]
Chrome on the monster leather intestines
Wit' a top model and a contestants
I'ma Rottweiler yes I'ma rock 'n' roller
It's Weezy Fuckin' Baby yeah straight up out the stroller

[Verse]
Chrome on the monster leather intestines
With a top model and a contestines
I'ma Rottweiler yes I'ma rock 'n' roller
It's Weezy Fuckin' Baby yeah straight up out the stroller
I'm higher than the solar system of the twizzle
I'm like Macaulay Culkin I was rich when I was pissin'
On myself I'm ballin'
You niggaz haterholics
I'm jus' the recipe so you can save the garlic
I'm like a set of keys I'm 'bout to get it started
I smoke 'dem Beverly
Hills from California
'Dem bitches after me so I put that paddle on 'em
She rode my dick and said she shoulda put a saddle on 'em
I watch out for 'dem snakes listen for that rattle homie
And I ain't got a clique I got a cattle homie
Wud up five kickin' back jus' bein' boo
I'm talkin' foreign money like a European dude
Yeah I'm heavy man so you should reconsider
I hit you one time fuck up yo equilibrium
I got rhythm yeah I got soul ya
I travel all around the world like a postcard
My flow cold fuck around and get a cold sore
I got this bitch on lock like a closed door
Weezy's real 'dem other' niggaz folklore
I'm connected I got more hoods than a coat store
I'm successful I got more shit than you can hope for
And I got thru 'dat water like a boat ore
Young, Carter the name
Baby boy risin' like hot water and 'caine

[Bridge]
Whip it stretch it and flip it
Reup stretch it and flip it [x3]

[Verse 2]
Reup, we up in the club we up in the club
Money runnin' like water bitch get up in the tub
I'm up in the club she up in the club he up in the club
Now she can't leave so we fuck in the club
Am I lucky or what Playboy Rabbit
And I like big tongues like skateboard fashion
I got more gurls than the Playboy Mansion
I bet I serve 'em up like my name Pete Sampras
And a nigga drink like the late Fred Sandford
And a nigga smoke like there is no cancer
And I know this world is so cold and deceivin'
But I keep my head up like my nose is bleedin'
Yeah, and until that chosen evenin'
I'ma be screamin Apple and Eagle
Yeah that's rite Apple and Eagle
Hollygrove 17 I won't leave you
Nope, and this is just the preview
But I'm already workin on the sequel
Fuck wit' me wrong I'll fuck wit' yo home
Like a letter to the wife sayin' ya husband is gone
Like Muslim I'm calm
But like Muslim I'll bomb
And beat the track up like a hundred arms
I'm funky like underarms
The engineers recordin a thunderstorm
My hunger forms then ring the alarms
The Carter 2 was nice but the third times a charm

[Outro]
Weezy Fuckin'[Introduction]
This Is a public service announcement
Lil Wayne, Weezy F Baby IS the best rapper alive
Hit me, haha, good mornin' New York
Good afternoon New Orleans
Goodnight America haha yeah

[Chorus]
Doe is what I got, little mama
Doe is what I got, bird lady
Doe is what I got, shorty
Doe is what I got, baby
Come on, I'm paid, I'm paid, I'm paid, I'm paid

[Verse]
Hay, give a women none, uh uh
I already gave my brother some
It's my sisters turn, ain't it funny how the fish do burn
But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm
As the world of the barrel of the pistol turn
But we get it how we live never live and learn
Got to talk about the flow cause you is concerned
Only down south could of been in a firm
Ah, the commission of Wu-Tang nigga
Tryin to tell you I can kick like Liu Kang nigga
Got that Sub-Zero flow how you want me mine
Nigga get it over here like Scorpion
And when it comes down to this recordin
I must be LeBron James or be Jordan
No, I want rings with my performance
I'm more Kobe Bryant up in all this
Same coat, same gang been startin
Same triangle office, I come through the lane like a dargeant
Referee niggas is lame they call Jargeant
I have no brain, I'm retarted
We all not the same, I'm a martian
You can be my Jane, I'm your Tarzan
I'm from the jungle where the snakeses are all poison
I'am magnificant like Marcus
You might wanna fall back like August
Or lace up Timber or whatever you call it
I hit niggas in the head like Vonage
I'am talkin to no particular audience
But understand I'm the the guardian
And understand there wont be no guardin' him
But you just get played like an accordin'
I dont give a damn if she's bossit
I keep pussy runnin' like a faucet
She better catch light shes Steve Logdit
Because I'm WHAT'S UP like Martin

Haha wooo yeah see
I know yall talk about me an an
You dont like what you hear sometime
Um um since im so bright im a put the spot light on you baby

[Chorus Part 2]
Show me what you bout little daddy
I know what you need to stop, stop hatin
I know what your not, wodie
And that is Weezy baby
Blunts up, now blaze, hay blaze, hay blaze, hay blaze

I'm workin yeah
Tell em where I take six
Young dictionary make words make sense* Wayne doesn't appear on the song; actual artist is uncredited

(Talking)
We now return you to you're regular-
scheduled programming
I'm bout to bring out the whole-
Young Money fam right now
We gon' set this shit off
My nigga Mac May for president
G-series out in the streets right now
Hit a nigga on MySpace or somethin' man
Holla

(Sample)
Day dreamin'
I fell asleep beneath the flowers
For a couple of hours
On a beautiful day

Day dreamin'!

(Hook)
You already know
What the fuck is poppin'
Baby I'm what's hoppin-a
I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro
And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low
I'ma be a G until the day that I go
I can feel it in the air
The reaper's comin' slow

(Verse 1)
Shhh...
I can hear the reaper comin'
But I ain't scared
Oh, no, no, I ain't runnin'
Now when I walk past
You might see an extra shadow
Angels on my shoulders
Are usin' me for a battle
Spiritual warfare, good versus evil
I even fought the demons as a semen
Yes I was brought there
Cursed ever since my day of birth
Got a Heaven-sent flow
Though, it's Hell on Earth (Hell on Earth)
So wit' that in mind, I don't live for Prada
I'm tryin'a stack n' mack, and got stigmata
Tryin'a get the same fan base as Big Poppa
Sometimes when I flow
They say the southern Big's popped up
They tell me "don't get mur'd, or get locked up"
But I'm from Holly Grove
I can't give the block up (Holly Grove)
So til' the day they drop my box, fuck
I'ma ride wit' my Glocks up
You already know

(Hook)
You already know
What the fuck is poppin'
Baby I'm what's hoppin-a
I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro
And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low
I'ma be a G until the day that I go
I can feel it in the air
The reaper's comin' slow

(Bring it home mang)
I'm hitch hikin' on the highway of life
You might see me on the side of the road
(Who knew this nigga could sing?)
I asked the Lord to be my coat and umbrella
Cause outside it's rainin' cold
It's so cold
It's so cooold
It's so cold (America)
It's so cooold

(Verse 2)
I say, Miss America, Land of the Free
You ain't never do nothin'
For a brotha like me
You sold me a dream of forty acres and a mule
Then you turn that half-a-acre that I had, into a pool
You get up on the news, lyin' bout how the levy's broke
Now Weezy lost two Jags, and spitta's Chevy broke
Flooded out engines, messed up suspensions
You took everything we had
Uncle Sam, you Satan fan

(Hook)
You already know
What the fuck is poppin'
Baby I'm what's hoppin-a
I keep a Zip-Lock bag full of 'Dro
And I keep a bad bitch wit' me on the low
I'ma be a G until the day that I go
I can feel it in the air
The reaper's comin' slow[Introduction]
Money, I'm paid (blast off on these niggas)

(Chorus) repeat 4X
I got money on the drank
And half on the dank
(The greatest DJ in the world), (east side)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, thank god I'm a millionaire
Hard body, these other boys teddy bears
Fuck with me momma, I know you want a G
And I'm a real blood, if you want R&B
Just call me Carter honey, if you cant say the baby
Bitch I'm so fuckin' hot, I feel radiated
Hoe I'm so fuckin' fly, my eyes are aviaters
I'm stuck at the top floor in the elevater
Cause I'm high, dumb high
Nigga, I could look into the sun's eyes
Young guy, but rich though
And I keep a rag on me like a 64, like a 64
You know I got that bounce
It's mister-quick-to-pour-a-eighth into a 20 ounce
Okay I'm Terminater, you niggas Minnie Mouse
And I'm Young Money, anyhow

Chorus Repeat 9X
I got money on the drank (drank)
And half on the dank (dank)
(Mack Mizzle)

[Verse 2: Mack Maine]
It's hood shit baby, so you know it's all thug's
Rockstar life, lotta sex and alot a drug's
It's OG Kush, purple dro and kind bud
Have a real nigga feelin' like he's so fucked up
Have a fake nigga feelin' like he's so bucked up
There go the weed man, spitta back the truck up
There go the lean man, thugga we done lucked up
I mix the two dro by my bitch and then we rough fuck
I leave a Crego to the lot and pick a Jag' up
If you was in my shoes, nigga you could brag cuz
Weezy Wee got me, Baby he got me
Young Money, Cash Money, bitch that's my posse
40. cals with brokes, safeties just try to rob me
Million dollar man Ted DiBiase
Now let me tell you, if I'm missin' a bush
Shit'll get ugly than New York from the Flavor Of Love

Chorus Repeat 9X

Now we lean (lean) out our minds (out our minds)
Rest In Peace to DJ Screw, we on the grind (on the grind)
Cause we lean (lean) out our minds (out our minds)
Rest In Peace to DJ Screw, we on the grind (on the grind)* send corrections to the typist

[hook]
work on the kitchen table
where the bags at [x3]

work [x2]

I'ma nigga wit money [x3]
and I don't love dat bitch
I tell er bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me rich
I'ma nigga wit money
and I don't love dat bitch

[verse 1]
yea, backpack full of stacks all the bitches love me
don't compare to these rappers I'm on a diff'rent budget
I ain't even gotta practice never gettin rusty
no I ain't lookin down but I see no one above me
the paper bag brown wit durty green money
the bank acount good full of clean money
fuck chain money
I blow ring money
I bet that mother fucka neva see the big money
magazine money
do a spread on me
and you can turn ya back but never turn the feds on me
read the note attached we got ya lil homey
we need bread homey or das ya dead homey
im like a corleone meet the fucking mob
I can get you whacked or give ya ass a job
weezy f. b
I holla cmb
coca cola classic caffine free

[hook]

[verse 2]
stop playing wit me stop playin wit me bitch
stop playing wit me stop playing wit me bitch
I'ma cash money stunna on my 14 summa
dick a bitch down n take erry thang from er
now run to the kitchen I ain't hungry I ate
bitch put 36 o's on my plate
see my paw wuz cookin slabs while my mom wuz cookin dinner
see my momma iz a chef n my daddy wuz a dealer
grand daddy was a dealer and my auntie is a killer
I hope she kno I luv her, pray the pigs never get er
my brother still a baby n my uncle kinda raised me
yaw pray for his wife cause dat cancer shit iz crazy
my daughters so smart that it scares me
her mother is an angel she's always there for me
and me I'm just wild I think I need therapy
because I'm goin after dat money no matter where it be

[hook]
[intro to "Myspace"]* send corrections to the typist

[Intro]
Raj Smooth, the greatest DJ in the world
Yes! We about to say a prayer for all our loved ones
(I'm a call this one real rap)
Anybody you lost put them on yo heart
cause this rap is real, light it up for 'em
Ya Know
I hope you ain't to tired to cry
And I hope you know you ain't never to live to die

[Lil Wayne]
Listen
I grew up where them people call them people on us
Think we slangin but we just got beepers on us
Grinding all day like we got sleep insomnia
Living like the videos write a treatment on us
Stuck in the hood like they poured cement on us
Ghetto bird still shitin on us
Government still quitting on us
Lost a few homies and the grief's still sitting on us
So we got they names written on us
White folks still spitting on us
And them bitch ass police k9's teeth still gritting on us
But we smoke ashes still getting on us
Older bitches still hitting on us
I remember well
BZ rolled a L, BZ ain't here
Where's BZ at? BZ got killed
And that was my nigga
I go way back with my nigga
But I know that's how it happened my nigga
Shit is much deeper then this rapping, My nigga
But know they all rappin, My niggas
So now I must make it happen
So I'm a play the captain
Sail boat flapping
My nigga
No fingers I'm snapping
Happy for my nigga lil Tagus
Cause even though we couldnt
The lord saved him
Last time we seen him was when Katrina hated
Shhh found his body like a month later
Rest in peace boy
He was a east boy
And so was Wessy West
He was a good nigga so I know he bless
And his daughter is a princess
This shit is harder than a bench press
But let me keep going
But I swear I got a lump in my throat
But I'm a keep on pumping the flow
So if I cry don't stop the beat
I feel like my heart just stopped the beat
My nigga lil Derek was quick to cop a key
Either that or load the gat and go pop a G
And because of that
He's just a name in a rhyme of mine
I pray his family in his momma's fine
So much shit, just sit on this mind to mine
I think about it all the time
I drink about it all the time
I smoke back to back
Cause if my thoughts got to me I'd be in this rap
Or I'll be in a can
Thank god I had dreams of being a man
Yeah
And fuck a man with a badge
Cause he ain't shit to a man on the edge
The 5-0 killed Naudy, the good boy dead
Man you would've thought they killed cornbread
Shot him up face down on the lawn
Not to mention wit his handcuffs on
Not to mention they had plain clothes on
And the complaint goes on
But nobody do nothing about it
The jail house and the morgue is to fucking crowded
And hate is at an all time high
Everybody gotta hater like a fucking ipod
Shit and they tried to burn my Phantom up
But I got my gun licenses
I got my hammers up
I'm ready to shoot like a ca-me-ra
Stay still motherfucker
I'm a have to write my will this summer
Cause if they don't kill me
I'm a kill this summer
Yea
And you can put that on my late father
Or my late grandmother, Miss Mercedes Carter
Or my grandfather Larry Balsock
The old man hustled till his heart stopped
And I know that my real pops had money
No bank account that brown paper bag money
Yea he might hit me off with a little brag money
But that nigga still wouldn't be a dad for me
But look how I turned out I hope he glad for me
But that's why when I see him I acts mad funny
Cause he a joke to me
Don't message, don't call
Don't talk to me
It's just me and my momma
How it suppose to be
And I make sure she paid like she wrote for me
And I know she gets all hope from me
And I don't never wanna see her mope for me
Hopefully!
But Truthfully
There is a day that's due for me
But we gone pray that it's as far as the future sees
You are listening to the future Weezy F. Baby. Amen

[DJ Raj Smooth]
Rest in peace to my cousin Kim Carbo
my nigga Vick, Rest in my peace lil Harold
shoutout to my nigga Steve land rest in peace pimp
Quiet Storm in the building[Intro]
Now this is what they've been waiting for
Ya dig, Santana
Weezy F. 
Ay Wayne
What up man
What you been workin' on nigga?
Oh you know, I got Currency's new album
And prolly workin' on my album, ya dig
Oh I'm ready to brush my shoulders off and drop my next album too nigga
That's what it is
But dig this, they wanna know what we been workin' on together
That's that "I Can't Feel My Face Shit" they know that
So if they ever thought the South and the North was gonna collide
Guess what, we already did

[Juelz Santana]
I'm feelin' like a black Republican
Naw, I can't call it
More like a black Democrat runnin' 'em out of office
Young Barack Obama, I'm all for it
The Rock of Gibraltar has now fallen, on ya
I protect my land like a farmer
Pockets stay chubby like Tikara 
Or should I say fat like the Parkers
 Tote big guns like I'm still playin' Contra
Y'all washed up like money that's laundered
Y'all funny, I'm bonkers
Honest, girls strapped to my dick like a harness
Rock star, flier than an ostrich
And I cover east, west, north, south like a compass
I shall shine forever, never tarnish
Money buried behind my house like a garden
All green, my bank account's like a forest
I Can't Feel My Face is gettin' started
And Weezy is my accomplice, ya dig
A black activist like Sonny Carson
Stripes of a sergeant, salute me
And chicks, I get 'em high
Higher than turbulence is
White Phantom, lookin' so Fergielicious
I'm from the city of big drugs and murder victims
Its get rich, go to jail and be a murder victim
Ai!
Now all y'all listen
If you can't take the heat, get out the kitchen

[Lil Wayne]
 I feel like a black Republican
Tote a MAC'n Republican
Act so southern n' die for my brethren
Money, money, money
Like money Mac and publishing
One life to live, never ask for a mulligan
Streets call but the heat make me feel covenant
Been done had cake day late like Anne Sullivan
Fly like an eagle but no I'm no Donovan
Boy you better go eat some soup with your mom n' them
And my mind is on another continent
I am real Cash Money, no counterfeit
I don't parkin' lot pimp I just politick
But I get all in her mouth like parlithins
New always represent it to the inner
Come from the city where the glitter don't glimmer
The sun don't shine and the guns don't sleep
Pick a nigga's ass up like he got somewhere to be

[Outro]
And we wanna let the world know
This is not a diss song either people
We don't diss them we dismiss 'em, ya dig
Recognize or step aside, ya dig
We let the music talk, Draught 3
And by the way, it's Santana, I'm back
It's Weezy!
You dudes gotta stand in the mirror backwards 'cause you can't face yourself
Assholes
DipSet for life
Cash Money, whaddup
Young MoneyYessir, 3-Ha, I love this shit
so let me talk my shit, uhhhh-haha
(*coughing*)okay I'm good

[Lil Wayne]
I know you see the drop, cause gettin money is what we on
ridin drop top in the winter with the heat on
bad yella bitch, keep my passenger seat warm
leg hangin out the window you, you ain't got these on
bitch holla it is Lil Weezy, they cannot see me
they are like Stevie, I am burin'a ton like Levie
I circle ya house like B.B, colder then the Hebbie Gebbies
never give freebies, seventy five thousand for these fees
shit I can get a hundred thousand up in these jeans
big stacks my pockets on Creatine-Young Money, Dipset nigga we a team
if you don't like it nigga fuck you, no Vaseline
(*schreechin*)I peel off in the Lamborghin', like a tangerine
got the engine straight shakin like a tamborine
like a bitch with some lips like Angeline, not Joli
holy, got flow-I go where no other guy go
fuck you hoe I'm so 5-0-4, I hope every snitch die slow
Hip Hop that's my hoe, I know-she know I like it wet don't won't no dry hoe
okay bitch I am D-Boy, no decoy
and I will straight up destroy, any boy or man
and I prefer money, then bitches-or just reefer
we are Young Money, bitch and I am the leader
we are Currency, Mack Maine, and D-Raw
and I just signed a chick named Nikki Menage
and me, I'm still spittin like a retard
and these niggas soft, they should be rappin in leotardes
nigga we in charge, Baby put me in charge
and I'm just murderin niggas, free of charge
ya dig, just holla back-I see ya sarge
I'm so motherfuckin high, I can eat a star(ha)
yeah let me upgrade ya, you may not be a model-but I can front page ya
you know I'm nasty, excuse my behavior
let me just taste ya, we can fuck later
sittin in the Coupe, lookin like a racer
top peeled back like the skin of a potato
seat way back, listenin to Anita Baker
ridin by myself, smokin weed by the acre
Holly Grove gator, ain't nobody greater
leave you with some bullet holes-the size of craters
you ain't heard the latest-Weezy F.the greatest
battle anybody nigga fuck over ya favorite
it's a new game, and I'm the coach like Avery
leave it to the flow, we gettin dough like a bakery
I don't really want to, but these niggas makin me
put a motherfucker on ice, like the Maple Leaves
that's a hockey team, and I ain't on no hockey team
but I'm a champion, where's the fuckin Rocky theme
damn, Rest In Peace Apollo Creed
I'm a monster everyday is Halloween
alot of syrup, alot of pills, and alot of weed
and I keep my pockets green like a pot of peas
and if you hatin baby you can get a side of these
these nuts in ya mouth, and can you swallow please(haha)
yeah I'm so hot, I freeze-big balls and they jangle like alot keys
even deaf bitches say hi to me
she tell a blind bitch and she say I gotta see(ha)
Young Carter darlin'understand I am Michael Jordan ballin
yes I'm a dog, I'm a warrior-homie
I'm a boss, ya man's just an employer mami
let me upgrade ya(ha), let me upgrade ya(upgrade ya)-Weezy![Lil Wayne talking]
Weed and syrup is the combination and the inspiration
As for you pussy niggas, I just realize you can fuck with me
And you never will, bitch ass niggas
Weezy F. Baby believe dat
Haha, yeah

[Lil Wayne]
I got them 24 inches, sittin on them Joe Buddens
And the trunk straight jumpin, bitch I can't hear nothin
And I might do the Spurs, sittin on them Tim Duncan's
And in the lambourgini, I do donuts like dunkin
How come every bad bitch with a pussy, wanna fuck 'em
But I just feed 'em drugs, and watch 'em fuck each other
My neck was 100, and my wrist was another
I make her pussy wet, I leave that bitch with a puddle
I'ma beast, I'ma dog, I should rap with a muzzle
Peyton Manning flow, I just go no huddle
Baby girl gettin straight dick, no cuddle
You know I'm out this world, I just bought a space shuttle
I'ma put some D's on that bitch
Man, these hoes starting to get like fleas on my shit
Have you seen her? Who? Nina, she's on my hip
Yellow white diamonds, call 'em cheese on them grits
You niggas aint ballin, real talk, you niggas can't guard me
Two niggas can't guard me, you lookin at Jordan
From the side, like Spike at the Garden
I got the hardest bars, call me the Warden, haha
Yeah, excuse me, pardon
I break a bitch down like Tonya Harden
Bitch I'm Cole, not dude off Martin
Pockets just fat, like the Klumps and Norbit
Bitch I'm fly, like a magic carpet
And bitch I'm fresh, like a pack of Orbitz
See, I'ma take it, and go bring it back to New Orleans
And bitch I'ma shine in The Land Of Darkness
And which I'ma grind, 'till my stacks is as tall is my wall is
And I'm high, don't want know how deep the fall is
No I can't come down
And everytime I send my girl out of town, I put some key's on that bitch
I'ma certified gangsta, haters make me nautious
The money makes me anxious
Listen how my words are poetic, like Langston
Dreads down my back, like I come straight from Kingston
But I come from Hollygrove 17 danger, zone
So many c-notes, I can sing a song
T-Top coupe, lookin like a thong
Your girl love my dick, she treats it like a bong
I don't wanna be right, if gettin high is wrong
My eyes so low, it look like I'm from Hong Kong
Boy, I got more green, than the Bishop Don Juan, haha
Okay, I'm not a rookie, I'ma pro
Methazene fiend, make the homies say, ohhh
And make all the girlies scream
I am a vegetarian, and I only eat beats
Wear a lot of carrots, and I smoke the best greens
No beef in my grocery bag, just some swishers
And a whole bunch of cans of whoop ass, haha
I'm strapped, like a bookbag
So anyone of ya'll can come on, and get a foot tag
D.O.A.
Ride all night, sleep no way
Sleep when I lay, six feet deep, and until that day
I'ma be living, like it is that day
Yeah, I keep holding on
I say bitch I been hot, bitch the stove been on
If you don't like it, I roll over and roll alone
Fuck you and the horse, that you rode in on
Yeah, some cool shorts, and my Kobe's on
Lookin slicker than the lane, that you bowling on
If they aint tell you that I'm the shit, they told you wrong
Bitch, I'm bubblin like soda foam
In a styrofoam cup
You what's in my styrofoam, what?
S-Y-R up
That's my car, yup
Vrooommmmm!! Urghhhh!!
I'm goneAhem
Weezy yo
Young Money, Cash Money
This is, "Da Drought 3"
Ladies and Gentlemen, you know me

[Verse 1]
You know I ride for my mother fuckin' niggas
Most likely I'm a die with my finger on the trigger
They tell me don't get high and I should try and make a living
I tell 'em I'm a hustler and I'd rather make a killing
My eyes be so wide as they rise in the skillet
I let my bitch bag it, if she spill it I'm a kill her
I bullet-proof the ride now I feel like armadillos
And fuck a hospital, Young Money we the illest
And I ain't gotta lie when I tell you I'm the illest
My flow is nasty like CY Phillies
Self-made G and them bitches know the business
We lightin' all rappers in the kitchen, I'm a chemist
And when I was five my favorite movie was The Gremlins
Ain't got shit to do with this but I just thought that I should mention
You lookin' for divine, and a little intervention 
And the Byrds don't fly without my permission
I'm probably in the sky, flyin' with the fishes
Or maybe in the ocean, swimmin' with the pigeons
See my world is different, like Dwayne Wade
And if you want trouble bitch, I want the same thang

[Chorus]
And you know that I'm a ride with my mother fuckin' niggas
Most likely I'm a die with my finger on the trigger
Don't worry 'bout mine,  I'm a grind 'til I get it
 And tell all of my niggas that the Sky Is the Limit
The Sky Is the Limit


and if you look high you'll see that I'm gon' be in it

[Verse 2]
Fuck ten in the coup and your bitch love it
Switchin' lanes, fast third then she switch subjects
Tell a bitch "don't talk to me,
And if you talkin' to them niggas, don't talk for free"
And I hate when a nigga say, "talk is cheap"
'Cause I'm the type to let money talk for me, yeah
My flow is art unique, yeah
My flow can part a sea
The only thing on the mind of a shark is eat
By any means and you just sardines 
I got the 40 cal tucked in my PRP's
What do you expect, I'm from New Orleans 
And the guarantee of my city is riders
They tryin' to make a brand-new map without us
But the tourists come down and spend too many dollars
And no matter how you change it it'll still be ours

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
And you don't want to fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulders
Run up in your house and shoot everyone that sittin' on a living room sofa (that's fucked up)
And you don't want to fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulders
Mail it to your mom with a dozen a roses (now that's fucked up)
And I'm a G, and you ain't gotta know the alphabets to see
I know my whole city is depending on me
And I forget a lot of shit, but I cannot forget the streets

[Chorus][Lil Wayne]
Good morning New York
Good afternoon New Orleans
Goodnight America
This is Young Money... Nikki Minage

[Nikki]
They don't make us, to break us, no I'm with the bakers
I'm gettin bread wit dread up in Jamaica
It's them young stunnas, Nikk and Lil Weezy
Nikk, I'm the chick that "Go Get It" like Jeezy
Fall back, cause I do this here
Step ya bars up or your through this year
Yup it's only right that the whole blocks there
Hopped out the air in the blue and white layer
I'm here, I'm lit, long hair - don't care
Steady starin at my ear, cause my ear on glare
Now it's now hard to fine me, top behind me
You be Harry Potter, and I'll be Hermione
I be early, I'm the girl they
Call The One, like I'm my first birthday
I'm in that Range Rov, honkin that Kango
That pussy red, cause it tastes like mango

[Hook: Nikki]
Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money 
And we... we get down and we... we get down
And we boyz o' boyz, they love me
(Chromed out eleven hundred)
Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money
And we... we get down and we... we get down
And we...

[Lil Wayne]
Ya... dig
So I guess it's my turn
And I'ma go at niggaz heads like sideburns
Big phantom on the road, make a wide turn
Big light, green buds, is what I burn
Nikki, since I've been rappin, this is what I've learned
All these other niggaz pussy, like dry sperm
And I knock this shit out like Tom Hearns
If it aint about money, me no concern
A paper chaser, 'till my thigh burn
And never give a bitch, what I've earned
Fuck I look like?
I'm lookin for a bitch that can fuck right, cook right
And if not, then left foot right
Foot get the steppin, yea bitch walk like...
And my hoes talk like "Hsshswash", and I just say "Right"
We don't fuss fight, she is just.. just.. just right

[Hook: Nikki]
Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money (Ya digggggggggg!?)
And we... we get down and we... we get down
And we boyz o' boyz they love
(Chromed out eleven hundred)
Can't stop, won't stop, reppin Young Money
And we... we get down and we... we get down
And we...

[Lil Wayne]
I'm on tour, 'till my money's like the bus height
Ice lookin bright, see me comin like bus lights
Weezy!

Nikki..Minage..
Young Money[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yezzir... it's me, the rapper eater
Feed me, feed me, feed me!
No homo

[Lil Wayne]
One time for me, one time for the DJ
He be Khaled, I be Lil Weezy
Baby, if you ask me if you're nasty
Creative gifted bastard, spit sporadic
I'm so diplomatic democratic
Touch it, bring it, push it systematic
Damn right, I kissed my daddy
I think they pissed at how rich my daddy is
And I'm his kid I stunt with my daddy
Call Mrs. Lee, she's with my daddy
So diss me and dont diss my daddy
Cause who was there when no one wasn't? Just my daddy
Who was there when I needed money? Just my daddy
So who'll be there when I see the money? Just my daddy
Who said that I be the one? Just my daddy
Hello Hip Hop I'm home, It's your daddy
When I say D's, I don't mean the caddy
I mean 'deez nuts' Akon's and Khaled's
Rick Ross, TIP, Stunna and Fat Joe
And I can't, can't, can't forget Brisco
And yeah I done squashed the bullshit it's rizo
It's a bakery here just trying to get dough
Shout to my Dreads, my Haitians and Chico's
You're lookin for me hoe? I'm in the 3-0
5 - I'm the best rapper alive
Homeboy got a mind, that a map wouldn't find
Homeboy got a 9, that a cop wouldn't find
I could get to it even if I was blind
Scary movie be screaming when I rhyme
I'ma 'King' you can ask 'Stephen' if I'm lying
I'ma Prince too demanding like my mom
Too bold too cold like wet Sa-lam
Me! Me! It's all about me!
If a girl gotta voice then she talking about me!
Me, He say, she say, I say me!
Will be in the M.I.A. me!
With me! And T! And Big Ronnie!
And the homie Street probably somewhere on the beach
And Tez and E probably somewhere in the jeep
And Marl in the Phantom with Mr. G
And me! Me! It's all about me!
Play with me and it's all out beef
Beef! Yes! Chest! Feet!
Tag! Bag! Blood! Sheets!
Yikes! Yeeks! Great! Scott!
Storch! Can I borrow your yacht?
Watch me and my click go all out
Like the ball in the stands we balls out
Boy I don't know what y'all 'bout
But I just spit like a dog mouth
Pink ice just looking like a hog mouth
VRRRMMM ...I had to bring the hog out
Light dem trees bring the log out
Everyday Christmas I'm egged nogged out
And hip-hop is my new bought house
My flow just grew legs and walked out
Bye[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Drought 3 
Hear my chains.. ha
That mean I'm ballin bitch
If ya didn't know, if you wasn't informed
Or somethin like that, this is Da Drought 3
And um.. check this out

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, imagine waking up out ya sleep to them pistols blastin
And if the witness is dead there's no trial
If you didn't know then hoe, well ya know now
And I don't mean basketball, when I say I don't know Yao
Money money money money, boost my mor-al
Play with my money money money, O.K. Co-ral
I like a bitch with a apple bottom, like vo-kal
The top is at my fingertips, like I aint got no nails
I got blood brothers bitch, I aint got no pals
I make a girl get low, like I aint got no L's
I'ma paper chasin dog, check my toenails
And I never miss a game, no Shaq O'Neal
More like Brett Favre, just like Brett Favre
I been shot two times, just wipe that off
But I thank you for putting me right back, Lord
And to you, father, I would give my life back for it
That knife that sword, that gun that war
Make ya so called soldiers, just run like Gore
Yea Frank that is from San Francis
And I got more banana clips then chimpanzees
10 addresses and I dresses
Like I thinks I'm the muthafuckin best there is
And I'm about to bubble and she catch that fizz
And I'm straight from Clayborne nigga, just ask Liz
Check ya neck, there aint a crook like this
From the city where the judge throw the book at kids
Burna in school, in my bookbag hid
Talk stupid at lunch and we havin ya ribs
If you are not home, then we havin ya kids
And if you can't come up with half, I'll send ya half of ya kid
Back to the board, an extravagant crib
I'm on the toilet watchin Martin, just laughin and shit
Don't know why I get high, but I get high
I get high like every single day
We do shit that them other women can't
Maryjane, what is it you've done to me
I pop a beat and start rollin
And then I smoke it like a muthafuckin stogie
Pete Pye wrote it, I was rappin to the.. ding-ding-ding-ding.. fuck it
Get high screw the world, and that's that
I need all my funds, yeah, all my money baby
Black diamonds and pearls, believe that
I may bling bling and my chest look like a mural
I'm nuts, just call me Squirrel
My fetish is the girls, but the women not the girls
Act your age, not your shoe size, maybe we can do the twirl
I'll be the Prince of a Pearl.. tongue, earring in her pearl.. tongue
If she come let her girl.. come, give her a pill, giver her girl.. one
Party time, excellent, yup Wayne's World
Campbell's soup on the wrist, just call me Earl
Lil ma don't shoot em, ya heard
I get high my words slur, I start callin 'em Mirl
Hey Mirl, light that fur
And I know this old, but I'm really hot in hurr
I went with the phantom, my niggaz coppin the spurs
My hands in the pot, I'd rather eat and stir
It's I against the world, and I'm strapped.. yeah
I bring all my guns.. shoot mothers, fathers, babies, damn
Black hand guns to serve, we could see
But we are so blind to the signs they tryin to lose the world
And we will walk right up with our guns, yup, hand n' hand, yeah
We'll march right after the drum, but I don't need no band
Nicca, Drought 3(Lil Wayne, talking)

Yeah, uh huh, the fuck was I thinkin'?
Drought three, bitch!
Yeah, how ya like my see-through blunt?
What'cha know 'bout it?
Get it! Weezy da name, money's the game
Alrighty...

(Verse 1, Lil Wayne)

Hard body, motherfucka, got the heart of a killer
Young God in the building 'bout to start a religion
Bout to call Bin Laden up and order some missiles
Bring 'em straight to yo' block and go to war wit'chu bitches
If you hit the head pin, the rest fall in position
Shoot a nigga on his porch and make him fall in his kitchen
Copped a big boy Porsche with all the specifics
And I keep that torch baby, call me olympics
Red, white, blue pill, flippin' skills like gymnasts
And never give a bitch money, blood, or kidneys
When the gun goes pow, I'll be at the finish
With my medal 'round my neck, or the grand from my tennis
The land of the murder, dope, crack is horrendous
Pull up on ya in a coupe, how fat is ya engine?
Never talk to those that sat on them benches, boy
I was in the game on fourth and inches
These niggas want the business, I'ma give these boys the business
See you fuckin' with the boy that tore toys before Christmas
Got all these ho's trippin', got all these ho's strippin'
And we ain't PSC, but them bitches know we tippin'
I just bought a pint, and ain't none of ya'll sippin'
Make my friends buy they own, fuck I'm tired of bein' friendly
Ain't gotta lie, just don't try to be wit' me
Bitches up in Heaven waitin', done died to be wit' me
I'm crazy for bein' Wayne, or is Wayne just crazy?
I've been around, I'm still around like them Geico cavemen
Hairpin trigger, no, I won't shave it
I spot hip-hop in the ocean, I'm gon' save it
The South is so dirty bitch, you can't bathe it
Holly Grove dog and I feel like mating
Baby girl ya pussy's lookin' so vacant
And it's fuck you, and fuck George Bush not makin'
Fuck waste deep, I'm in over my head
But it's cool I'ma make it, I'm good like bacon
Ya girl wants me to come 'round like Reagan
Ya boyfriend's softer than a carton of egg's and
I don't fear nothin but God and weddings
At the top of my paper, like I'm startin' a heading
My homie Santana, yeah that's my ace
But you may know him as "I can't feel my face"

(Lil Wayne, Talking)

Yeah, Weezy bitch
Give a fuck about'chu at all
I'm paid
Been that way for a long time
Looks like I'ma die like that
Cause if I am, I'ma just die

(Verse 2, Lil Wayne)

Yeah, see they don't know where I came from
But they know where I'm goin'
And I'll tell you just how the top feels when I'm on
In the game I'm no cheetah, I'm a tiger, I'm a cougar
I'm a panther, I'm a dingo, ocho-cinco
I'm ill-y, shirt softer than gilly
In a pair of Gucci fly, feelin' free-er than Willy
When them niggas left I got a little bit chilly
But, I just let it burn, like the end of the Philly
Weezy![Chorus]
Dough is what I got, lil mama
Dough is what I got, pretty lady
Dough is what I got, shortie
Dough is what I got, baby
c'mon, I'm paid {*4X*}

[Lil Wayne]
Give a woman none, uh-huh
I already gave my brother some, it's my sister turn
Ain't it funny how the fish do burn
But your boy just relax like a fresh new perm
Like the World in the barrel of the pistol turn
Homie get it how we live, never live and learn
Gotta talk about the flow cause you is concerned
Only down south rapper could've been in The Firm
Or the Commission or Wu-Tang nigga
Tryna tell you I can kick it like Liu Kang nigga
Got that Sub-Zero flow, how you want me ma'?
Make her get over here like Scorpion
And when it comes down to the recording
I must be Lebron James if he's Jordan
No, I won rings for my performance
I'm more Kobe Bryant of an artist
Same coach, same game, been starting
... Same tri-angle Offense
I come through the lane like Dargent
Referee niggas is lame, they call charging
I have no brain I'm retarded
We are not the same I'ma Martian
You can be my Jane, I'm your Tarzan
I'm from the jungle where the snakes is all poison
I am magnificent like Marcus
You might wanna fall back like August
Or late september whatever you call it
I hit niggaz in the head like Vonage
I am talking to no particular audience
But understand I'm the guardian
And understand there won't be no guardin him
You will just get played like an accordion
I don't give a damn if she's bossy
I keep pussy running like a faucet
She better catch like she Steve Largent
Because I'm "What's up" like "Martin"

[Lil Wayne]
See I know y'all be talking about and you don't like what you here sometimes
but um um since I'm so bright I'ma put the spotlight on you baby

[Chorus]
Show me what you 'bout, lil daddy
I know you need to stop, stop hatin
I know what you not, wodie
And that is Weezy Baby
Blunts up now
Blaze {*4X*}

[Lil Wayne]
Tell the world take six
Young dictionary make words make sense
Then, I make cents, make dollars
Make the skinny girl holla
Make the fat girl hungry
Make the ugly girls want me
But the pretty girls on me
Make the shy girls horny
Make the fly girls corny
And only for me because of who I A.M. (who I am)
Holla back in the morning
Now holla back if you on see
The CEO of the moment
Bullshit I don't condone it
Aw baby just hop on it

[Chorus]
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shortie
Show me what you, baby
You rappers ain't
Safe[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yea, It's me and T man
T at dot com, bitch
Tip fuck wit ya boy, hey that is my brotha ladies and gentlemen
T.I. and he is the King bitch, don't get that shit twisted
And me, I am the Best Rapper Alive, ladies and gentlemen, hello!
This is Da Drought 3, and it's been a minute since I rapped on a Mannie Fresh beat
But uh, I guess I'll go ahead and show these niggaz
what to do with one of the beats mayne

[Lil Wayne]
Listen, I like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked
Ridin wit a bad hoe, with her girlfriend in the back
I like to get real high and I never look back
And you don't wanna try me and don't I look strapped?
I come from the hardest city, ain't nobody fuckin wit it
Got black and gold soul, wit a fresh New Orleans fitted
And a collared polo and a pair of bally bucks
Young Money muthafucka, know you worred bout us
Cash Money muthafucka, see I'm all I trust
Never had my jaw broken, but his jaw I bust
And I probably got your girlfriend on my bus
What happens on my bus, stays on my bus
And that white widow weed, out the jar is a must
If you give me a cigar, then a cigar I'll bust
Put that white widow weed in the cigar and puff
Look ma, I'm tryna make a porno, starring us
Well not just us, a couple foreign sluts
Yea, we make this song a Noritwallin Dawllin
I be with Jim Jones and we be ballin ballin
Yea baby we ballin, like Rawlins and Spalding
Pint of DJ Screw and that hawaiian
I am leaning like a 3 legged lion, climbing
Right to the top of the muthafuckin mountain.. counting
I'm gonna need me an accountant who counts it
Mannie got this fuckin beat poundin, it's poundin
But it was just lost, until I found it, I found it
Stole it like a scoundrel, Hollygrove hound it
Put this bitch to sleep, fuckin right I night-gowned it
Niggaz talkin cheap, tell them niggaz pipe down bitch
Bloods in the building, now everybody soundless
Beatin up this track like a muthafuckin round-fist
Blind, deaf, or crazy, I'ma spit like a long kiss
I am just a martian, ain't nobody else on this.. planet
I know, see I live by my only
Say where my cheese nigga? Where my macaroni?
Baby I get up in dat ass, and act a donkey
Candy on candy, nigga grippin the grain
See I'm the only fire that can live in the rain
I am so so New Orleans
Like 1825 Tulane

[Lil Wayne talking]
Hahaha.. see you gotta be from New Orleans
To know what the fuck I'm talkin bout
And if you don't... fuck you
Say what I want, and I don't nothin.. cuz I got everything, bitch[Brisco]
I'm from the cocaine era, packs in my stroller
Two beepers and a flip, startech Motorola
Bally silts? Kangol tilts
Stand straight when the boss talkin, hush yo lips
My affiliates contract hits
I let the street declare war when you want dat beef
Talk cheap, get money, I was taught to ride
Loyalty came first and we dont switch no sides
I'ma savage on the block, nickel rocks, and heroin hopes
I walked the ghetto like them, but I was takin my notes
Certified goon, the locks on standby
I just need a couple real niggas I can stand by (C.M.B.)
A bad bitch wit hips
And two niggas on the interstate takin them trips
I'm into carrots like Bugs Bunny
Young Brisco, the New Cash Money

[Lil Wayne]
Haaa.. reportin live from the booth
I'm killin these bitches, Young Wayne Carruth
Untamed and loose, plus drank and juice
I was once a spark, into a flame it grew
I don't complain to you, don't complain to me
Everbody got beef and I just came to eat
I'm in the game for D, if you in my lane I beat
I been runnin this shit and I aint neva sprained my knee
And guess who came home, Roney the O.G.
He still on paper, nigga we neva free
And fo' my homie Streets I'ma twist one up
He can't even hit the kush he gotta piss in the cup
What is dis on my wrist, shit is sicker than uggh
Yo Brisco, there aint a sky bigger than us
What's good I'm in diamonds is you tippin or what
I took ya bitch and she aint comin back to work fo a month
Weezy!

[Brisco]
I'm in the all red slide spur, sittin on Ashanti's
Wit a bad red bone dat look somethin like Ashanti

[Lil Wayne]
Ok, Light brown, sorta tan medina
Wit a, light brown thick thing like Trina
Um, you probably seen us
Rippin the streets up wit no top between us

[Brisco]
Your so genius
Dats my word you know I got you twin
You a real nigga dog, thanks for lettin me in

[Lil Wayne]
Yea, we in the game now and I'm bettin we win
And I'm the rapper landlord just collectin my rent

[Brisco]
I put the house on lil Bris, he gon' eat dis year
Stop fo' the real niggas who aint see dis year

[Lil Wayne]
Open ya eyes, open ya eyes, cash money has a new face
And we go tie the shit up like a shoelace

[Brisco]
And dats me the young hood messiah
'07 I'ma set the fuckin hood on fire[Lil Wayne]
Damn she right
Damn she thick
And I may not know perfect
But damn she it
And she thick and she right
Damn she nice
You can be my judge baby
Yea I'll do life
Give me life
And I know that you be dancin till yo toes hurt
But I can make yo toes curl
I can make yo soul jerk
We can soul search
And I also got that street credit
I got more work...
Than any... dude... you ... knew
Girl I am a blood, su-wu
I hear you want somebody you can call boo
I will change my name to boo and fucked around and call you
Now what you wanna do?
Because whatever that maybe baby I want do that too
And ooh I can G.P.S you be what you gon do?
Like a pair of wet and sticky vicky's girl I'm on you
Ok ma the mood...is so...right...like...two...can take... flight
My nigga T.I. is the King I am your Prince, your Knight
Right, you dont need a superman, you just need a man like Weezy

Ciara: Baby

[Lil Wayne]
And I can make you feel the same way
We can post pone and stay home like a rain day
She'll have the salad, just put her on Wayne's plate
What you know bout havin syrup poured on that pancake?
Nasty as I wanna be... but nasty as you like me to... .be
I hope you like me too, but now you know I like you too
3 a.m. room..service...serve ya
You can be my desert, be my caramel sherbert
Call ya mama we can make a baby
And the way you work dat mic in the video is so...

Ciara: Crazy

[Lil Wayne]
And that chair or stool...move... was cool
You make me wanna, ooh... 
But I'ma be kool, I need a moment
I think you are the finest human on earth
Me and you together I can help you with that homework
Take yo ass to school... to... whoo... 
Teach you all the rules... you never knew we need a moment
I could be your future, I could be yo teacher
Be yo professor
Write down this letter
You want some extra credit
Let me check yo homework
I could be yo tutor and help you wit exams
No feelins... or its some... parton...for you
You got dem goodies and I got a sweet tooth
Now can y'all blame me?
Shit HOV got B and I just want C
See I just want see if you're taller den me
No really I want see if you're my Mrs. Carter to be
Yea I know dis is pretty awkward for me
But I jus act like you are talkin to me, when you say... 

[Ciara]
Awwwwww
I mean everything that I say
From the bottom of my heart
I would never... ..never ever... hurt you
I open my heart (open my heart)

[Lil Wayne]
Believe dat... .and I agree dat... 
Open up yo heart to me and you won't get the key back
Ms. Ciara you are colder den blue
And baby I aint talkin to nobody else but... 

[Ciara]
Yoooooooouuuuuuu
There's nothin I wont do (there's nothin I wont do baby)
To spend my life with you (to spend my life with you)
I'll give my all to you
I promise I will never lie, ooooooohhhhhhh

[Lil Wayne]
YEA... ... Weezy F
Who betta? (who betta)
Who else? (who else)
But... me... haha
Hey Ciara, I don't care what nobody say real nigga gon respect it
Ya dig... ...A darling you are all... that
Whatever that is...
I shol like to know...
Let me cut that out man, ay straight up
I just did this mama cuz you, you deserve it
Young Carter
IM OUT[Intro]
Ride 'till I die (just because)
Ride 'till I die (piru)
B's up, bitch I'm me
 
[Chorus]
Young money is the label, let us in the door
Comin in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm blooded (Suwhoop) and I'm blooded (Suwhoop)
I got bloods on stage, and bloods at my shows
Fuck wit my bloods, got blood on ya clothes
And I'm blooded (Suwhoop) snd I'm blooded (Suwhoop)
 
[Lil Wayne]
Once again it's on, yea I'm back in the booth
Stayin at the top like a tac in the roof
Still on these souls, like a mac in a suit
Still on my toes, not a crack in my shoe
Rappers talkin bout me, but I don't give a who
These niggas still lyin, I'm the motherfuckin truth
Talk tough, 'till I knock off ya couf
And I own my team, I'm like a malu
They hatin on me, I'm jus tryna be Weezy
Just like Young Jeezy, in the lime Lamborghini
Smoked out my mind baby now I'm seeing 3D
Dope boy fresh, from my fitted to my DC
All red, so these souls know who we be
We be's, bloods we B's
Pop pop flows, ya'll niggas sweet pea
Gettin high on the yacht, call it sea weed
 
[Chorus]
 
[Lil Wayne]
I advance my flow, and they must like that
They like it so much, they say they write that
Barkin at the dog, but I dont bite back
I aint CPR, I aint bringin they life back
Back CPR, bad bitch wanna bite back
Skittles on my wrist, yea nigga the bright pack
I'ma shine, I live with a life
Air force fly, call me a knife jack
Brand new coup, same color in the sky
The dash say 2, yall know I'm gon' try
Cop pull me over, yall know I'm gon' lie
They go up in my trunk, yall know I'm gon' fry
Them niggas throwin salt, all over my fries
So I'ma just walk, all over them guys
Niggas throwin darts, now we hit the bulls eye
Young money bitch, New Orleans Eastside
 
[Chorus]
 
[Lil Wayne]
Been around the world, rep the same thang
Been around the world, it's the same game
B's up b's up, flame game
Blat blat blat blat, bang bang
I told my homie, Streets you can't sleep on life
So he popped an X pill, and didn't sleep all night
I aint worried bout you, I'm jus tryna do me
Last album did 2, I'm jus tryna do 3
I am what every pair of eyes oughta see
Bitches wish they can just call it Art of Me
My mommy use to tell me get a 95
Cash money let it say, nevermind I'm fine
 
[Chorus]
 
[Outro]
Yea ride 'till I die, yea yea ride 'till I die
Piru, to Damu 
Yeahhhh!
Su-whoop!Album: The Drought is Over
Song:Live From the 504
Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com

[Verse 1]
Live from the five hundred and four
It's Mr. Crazy flow, jumpin' like a bunjinal rope
Even in the dungeon I glow, even if it ain't sunny I glow
If it ain't 'bout money I go, no where I nail to the flo'
Money controls where I go, it is the sail to my boat
And it's goin' down, it's goin' down, like there's a whale in the boat
See you can smell that I smoke, and yup, I sip that lean
You hit me with that combination, it make my eyes bleed
I'm a shark in the water, yeah I swim with the big
So I don't have time to deal with Willy The Squid
L-L-Lilly pad niggas, L-L-Look at the monster
Y-Y-You don't wanna crash like LaLaLaBamba
See it's me Ronna and Terry and my new drop is very
Watermelon plum, just call it fruit punch
I'm a old rapper, gettin' new bucks
And all you new rappers, you're just new lunch
Flow sick, so sick, need a Doc yes
A creature, monster, like the Locness
I gets hotter by the top, before I sizzle to death
I just tell the clock gimme a sec
In the middle of the war, where my enemy at
I'm runnin' this bitch like Eric The Enemy Back
Cause everytime I hear the track I'm like a energy pack
The intruments are crying out, where the sympathy at?
Yeah, if you ran the money baby, him'll be back
Whatever legends look like, bitch i finner be that
I walk right in Hip-Hop like where my dinner be at?
I ate that and I was like, where my dinner be at?
I hate that women lie, so I lie to them back
Got two bitches in my pants, quiet nod to them back
A lot of bitches want dick, I give alot of them that
Let's do a pill, I could fuck you for an hour with that
And to the kids, drugs kill, I'm a knowledge in that
But when I'm on the drug, I don't have a problem with that
And my niggas got guns the size of tallers biatch
And we aimin' right at your fuckin collar biatch, Pow![Chorus]
If you hear before you see me 
I got king kong in the trunk
King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King
King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong
(What it is) If you hear before you see me 
(What it is) If you hear before you see me 
(What it is) If you hear before you see me 
I got King Kong in the trunk
King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King
King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong
If you hear before you see me 
I got king kong

[Lil Wayne]
I pop my trunk and everybody get to running
The fireman bitch, like my body in the oven
I'm one egg short, I'm just tryin to get a dozen
My name like honey, it got alotta bitches buzzing
The neck of the barrel, is so long and narrow
And it shoot a bunch, you just lunchin and munching like Farrel
Bloodshot eye's on the sparrow
And I stay high, but on-point like an arrow
Street nigga baby, I'm in love with the gravel
Money gives me life like a man with the gavel
I'm strapped at home, I'm strapped when i travel
I pop my trunk and make the bitches spread like cattle

[Chorus]
King Kong, king, king, king, king kong, king
King Kong, king, king, king, king Kong
If you hear before you see me [x3]
I got king kong in the trunk
King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King
King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong
If you hear before you see me 
I got King, I got King Kong

[Lil Wayne]
(I got King Kong in the trunk)...and I feed him banana clips
And let him sing, like Gladys Knight and the Pips
I'm just sticking to the muthafuckin manuscript
Understand I'm tryin to get the chips and the dip
Better know I hold that gun, with a Panther grip
My hollow bullets got tips, like a dancer bitch
Where my money? Where my money? You need to answer quick
Gotta get back on my ransom shit.. and put you (in the trunk) 
So you'll be laying, ontop of speakers
Holes all in you, like an old pair of sneakers
Before I do a day, on the edge, I will leap first
Bet you any money that, I will land feet first
Married to the Benjamins, battle all my enemies
Riding with Big Foot, Harry, and the Hendersons
Godzilla, King Kong and if I have to park
I will open up my trunk and it will be Jurassic Park

[Chorus]
King Kong, king, king, king, king kong, king
King Kong, king, king, king, king Kong
If you hear before you see me [x3]
I got king kong in the trunk
King kong, king, king, king, king Kong, King
King Kong, King, King, King, King Kong
If you hear before you see me 
I got King, I got King KongOh Yea
Cut the music up in the fones Drew
My hair is blockin' me
(Laughs) my shit growin' like my money....Hah
Let's Go

Yezzzzirrr

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Uh...I'm so Dipset - Dipsouth Baby
If you don't like it nigga, fuck you wit a aids dick
I hope you die 30 times, nigga murder moms
No fast talk, I'm on that syrup, I'm on that turtle time
If Killa say the nigga dead, then a nigga dead
If Stunna say the nigga dead, then a nigga dead
B.I.P. - We be them niggas bangin in the red
Don't drink krystile no more, just pour it on white bitches head
This aint no Tommy Hilfiger, this that Polo hoe
We are the biggest group alive to get that solo doe
And we gon' get that dough, until they say theres no more doe
I smoke that ounce, I got that bounce, I got that pogo flow
Just show a video wit R.Kelly, but no homo though
Really didn't wanna do it but I fuck wit T, S, and Fat Joe Joe though
I am a robot and this robot is on overload
And bitch I always will be hot, like I'm in overcoats

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Um..Dolla after dolla, holla at ya guala
I'm rollin like the stones, I need a water bottle
And if you need a pill, T.Streetz and Carter got em
Supply the whole party, we got the party poppin
We in New Orleans poppin, we way in Harlem poppin
In California poppin, Ed Hardey rockin
Skinny whores wit all them problems
Bitch you can eat these pills and chill and tell me all about em
Hold up my heart is knockin, don't worry water stops it
Hold up your mouth is dry, don't worry water mops it
I got a great idea, we should have sex
Bitch I'm like Dante Hall, I just throw up the X
My dick be still hard, I be so up for next
Thats when you slip up and fuck around, and fuck ya ex
That be that bullshit, but it's the fuckin best!
I get her to pop a pill, and come and fuck the set!
And I fuckin rep

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Haha, Yea
DipSouth...Ya Digggg
Man, yo I cant feel my face comin... The album
Uh
I'm so Dipset, Cash Money, Young Money, Skull Gang it is a fuckin ashame
I need help yall... serious help
I just spent 10,000 dollars on a new belt, aint wear da muthafucka yet
Dont even got nuttin to go wit the mu fucker, dont even kno if I'ma wear it
Startin to think I don't like the mu fucker, You want it
Cool, I put it round ya mufuckin neck, Cuz its ova... BITCHAlbum:The Drought is Over
Song:Forever
Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com

[Cam'ron]
Let's do it (Forever)

[Intro]
And that I will
Yess, Gotta get 'em

[Verse 1]
V! Straight up gangsta, Hollygrove gangsta
Lay a nigga down in pink stuff
Them soft ass dudes just think tough
We shoot and put them shanks up
We tryin' live to summer and put them minks up
I'm sinked up in the coupe, the eyes chinked up
Pull up on a bitch at the light, that night linked up
Whole lotta shit in the life of a young boss
Bet that V.V.S. ice will bite your face off
Yeah, I ignite and take off, now catch up
I'm the best doing it, c'mon niggas 'fess up
Nigga feel different he could chess up and guess what
I bring it to his chest, to his right lung and left lung
Nigga get a check up, nigga put ya cheque up
I swear I'm on fire, need water like a hick-up
So I guess I might as well can say that
I'm the best today and (Forever)

[Verse 2]
Yeah, candy paint!
T, I'm ridin' in the peppermint
Even my leather got leather trim
I'm on another element
I keep somethin' in the trunk like a elephant
Bet you remember it, like a elephant
I got this rap bottled up like medicine
Who's better than? Fuck him!
I probably fucked her, ah what's new
And if you hatin' on us, yeah fuck you
And if them bitches wanna fuck us, we wanna fuck too
What a coincidence
And we cause accidents, not incidents
I am big shit, they're inci-wints
They're not even a letter in my sentences
Sittin' in my coupe on 20-inch
So it's like I'm fencing bitch
I will stunt (Forever)
So stop being defensive bitch
I'm relentless bitch, I'm in this shit (Forever)
Now end this shit[Lil Wayne]
Drought 3, wazza

look, I bought it out like stunna
I hope when we kiss we make you sick to your stomach
stunnin like my daddy and yo momma eat rubbers
I bet that I can do the mouth to mouth with your women
my house is a dungeon
yellow diamond ring looking like a little funion
stand on my toes you can call me paul bunyon
touchin up my flows like a nigga do construction
the microphone wet cause my words like seduction
and when we on the jet you don't come up in our discussion
and if you say you ballin we probably don't trust ya
and I know plenty freaky hoes that probably wont fuck ya
even if you payin boy they probably wont fuck ya
only if I say that she can touch you like busta
but she might touch ya and burn you like usher
me and my clit we in red like blusha
I shit these rappers out and sometimes I forget to flush ya
Grand daddy purp or bubble kush crush ya
explode in a bitch mouth like a gusher
cash money young money check the production
I am just a martiaget prepared for obduction
[Laughs x2]

[Lil Wayne]
I'm, I walk it out like crutches
two girls jumped me like double dutchess
my nigga t-street know a girl name dutchess
and everytime I see her in the street she be cussin
I told him he should wave the black flag cause she buggin
he said the pussy good he said you dig so I dug 'em
I'm looking for a real bad bitch with a husband
I'll give her much dick and a whole lot of nothing
I'm spittin like I stumbled on a gold pot or something
and when I was 6 I saw my role model hustlin
so I gotta hustle
these rappers talkin bout a whole lot of nothin
you drive me out on Saturday I sold out on Sunday
fuck is the argue bout, nigga tha carter out
this is what I call a drought.. 3
and we don't walk it out, we drop top porche it out
they betta walk it out, before we chalk 'em out
We chalk it out [x7] we choke 'em out
they don't want none nah-uh, no they don't want none nah-uh
you see they foamin I'm not, oh yeah they foamin I'm not
I eastside walk it out, I bring new orleans out
I am a saints fan, oh yeah we marchin out
like were a saints band, I play the organs now
and if they talkin most likely I'm what they talkin bout
my nigga t from the east roll out the forest now
man I'm just trying to get my peanuts I'm like charlie brown
ok that oozy make the holy sound, take 2 these and walk around
come strait from the homeless town this game belong to carter now, bitch[Lil Wayne talking]
This the remix baby, yea!
You already know what it is
Cause if you don't, you just don't know nothing
Shit period... stupid

[Lil Wayne]
You know me, I just be chillin in the phantom, listenin to opera
Gun is my body guard, call it Kevin Costner
Probably won't stop if, I get to poppin them shots
You niggas is sweeter than a box of Red Hots
Fuck around, see a flock of red dots
Smoke good, eat good, only fuck a bitch
If her dough good, feet good, just bought a fleetwood
And I'ma put some D's on that bitch
Lookin like I got a diamond disease on my wrist
Fresh! bunch of little G's on my kicks
I'ma dog, your all a bunch of fleas on my dick
Young Money Cash Money, and we gon' get the money even if it kills ya'll 
And I'ma ride, 'til the muthafuckin wheels off
George Gervin, I'ma get my chill on
I'm cold, yeah I get my Buffalo Bill on
Beatin up ya block, yeah I get my Emmitt Teal on
In the New Edition, yeah I get my Johnny Gill on
Keep a shotgun, yeah I get my Jason Wheel on
Fuck it Swizz, I'm still gon' black entertainment, yeah I get my Steven Hill On
Only to talk models, yeah I get my seal on
Make that chick rock, get my Emil on
Two girls, let 'em get they pill on
Let 'em get they feel on, I get my Tip Drill on
Hey, now why you that ice grill on?
I leave you lookin like you got a barbeque grill on
Yeah, we got money to the ceiling
Real nigga, I get my Keep It Real on
And they be lying on wax, like a earphone
Weezy Baby, the best from here on
Swish, I'm in gear homes
They in trouble, we gon' bubble like beer foam
No homo, let em get they queer on
No commercial, I just take the leer home
My girl she get her pampoir on
She don't touch me, I got cashmere on
I ball, and you just Erik Dampier, dawg
I'm dirty, I get my Bill Lambier on
Weezy the Beast, Swizzy the Monster and we're gone[Lil Wayne talking]
Yeah... Tell Em... Yeah...

[Lil Wayne]
Weezy bad, nah really I'm good
Sound like a T-Rex, live under my hood
Dadda know the tec, live under my seat
Put you in the ground, now you live under my feet
All white diamonds, on the front of my teeth
And you better put the 'O' in front of my 'G'
The bullshit they talkin, doesn't come to my knee
I'm like a linebacker, don't run it by me
My two best friends, will accompany me
And right now, they're in my dunagree sleep
One named Mack, one named Nina
They hit you, make you do the Mackarina
Where ya tool, you gon' need it like a mu' fucker
And I am so New Orleans, like a mu' fucker
It's Young Money, and we eatin get ya own supper
Make me go off in the trunk, and get that Bone Crusher

[Chorus]
Tec's, AK's, I leave the scene ugly
Chest, head, face, arm, leg, stomach
I never been afraid, I aint scared of nuttin
Cuz I got my thang, my thang, my thang
And that bitch go, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
You here them guns like, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, they like the way I ball, they call me Hot Sauce
They know I keep that toaster, you can be my pop tart
I never had height, but boy, I got heart
And I aint gotta speak, I just let my car talk
I got more clips, then any movie you've saw
I pull up on you like I need some gray poupon
Hard hat? no, but I got the tool on
And you should be my paper, if ever the tools drawn
Flow retarded when I spit, I get my drool on
I don't rap, I just shit, like a newborn
I don't write, I just spit, like a tooth gone
So tell them haters to cut it out, like a coupon
How come that chopper sound like a new bomb?
Little nigga gotta hold that bitch, with two arms
I got dat heat, da fire, and the luke warm
I'm on ya heels, like a shoe horn

[Chorus][Chorus]
Yea you know we strap all day, ride all night
This is the life of a.. the life of a, N.O. nigga [x3]
You know nigga
Since the hurricane came, shit aint been right
If ya visit my city, you could loose your life
In the, N.O. nigga [x4]

[Lil Wayne]
Come fuck wit this flow nigga, not my flow nigga
No nigga, no young, no old nigga
I'm cold nigga, ice cold nigga
God flow, I spit bible's nigga
Rifles nigga, chop chop bitch
You pop & lock it, and my gun'll lock and pop bitch
My shit poppin, like I'm Chris
No Chris Brown bitch, it's uptown bitch
That uptown shit, like what now, shut up, you shut down bitch
Now sit down bitch, we get's down bitch
Now sit down bitch, don't make a sound bitch
Like a clown bitch, that red dot cover ya nose, like a clown bitch
So don't run, cuz I'ma gun you down bitch
Bitch, don't I smell, don't I sound rich
I'm like Stunna, I'm blowin Out The Pound, bitch
I don't need help, I aint gon' drown bitch
Cuz in the pool, I'm on the ball, like a round tip
Yea, 8 ball side pocket, I leave the club wit two bitches in my pocket
Naked pictures to my sidekick
Tell ya bitch quit sendin them pictures to my sidekick
And quit instant mesagin my IM
Myspace Tom, them bitches actin like I'm him
And fuck the best, nigga I'm M
Bitches wanna fuck, like they're me, and I'm them
Yea, they share me like oxygen
I got game, but in the game, I got 'em in
I'm talkin championship rings, I gotta win
We talkin championship rings, I got 10
I'm on my champion shit mayne, It's lookin slim
Haha... for them, haha

[Chorus]
Now pack ya'll K's, leave ya'll knives
This is the life of a.. this is the life for us Gorillaz
Coke dealas, dope dealas, we go get us
A body today, a body tonight
This is the life nigga, this is the life of a, N.O. nigga
That 5 nigga, that 'O' nigga, that 4 nigga* send corrections to the typist

Bitch I'm back on my grizzy
Young money where ya at?
Two tables and a mic
Tell the Dj run it back

Bitch I'm back on my grizzy
Young money where ya at?
If you fuck wit Younh Money
Yougn Money where you at?
Like the energizer bunny wit a battery pack
Boy that drummer keep drummin, like B-r-r-at-at-at-tat
Or B-r-r-rump-bum-bum-bum
Im so young but I'm a Giant like Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum
Just bought a new crib, And insides so dumb
Got some money put away, incase the hurricane come
Im a fuckin shame huh? yea I know yea I know
I go out the country to get all my clothes and my hoes
And I go out my way just to get my dro and my doe
Cause, I love it more than I do my hoes yes I doess
I got gasoline comin out my pours
Imma torch
I got glasses like that white boy Scott Storch
And a porshe
I got license for tha scortch
Snipers at your porch
Rifles by the forts
And we shoot up courts
The judge juss a bitch
The jury suck dick
Im a eastside blood
And I dont smoke that crip
I smoke that kutch
First name Bubba
First names Young
Last name Stunna
Carter in the office
Take notes when I'm talkin
Smooth as a cruz boat floats when I'm walkin
I boast cause I'm ballin
I boast to be ballin
When I'm on the phone wit bitches man the money keep callin
You ain't satisfied till ya son'll be callin
Tellin you where to leave the money in the mornin
Ok you wanna zombie mover instead
Thats when you walk in ya house and everybody dead
I can take a shit where I stand
Where I stand...and watch you pussies piss in ya pants
You ain't a man your a hoe
I can kill him with the flow
And then play the guitar at the fuckin funeral
Big guns so they drinkin big shots
And my gam go Saddam Hussein and missile launch
The Corrain call me Wayne Chain
Listen ma, I dont know karate, but after the brain, I kick you out
You niggas suck like tony romo, no homo
And I'm all about my money, I get paid for promo yeaa
Im the man in this bitch, they say money talks wel.
Im tha ventriloquist
And if I ever jump, il prolly land in ya bitch
Boy that hoe colder than my hand and my wrist
Boy I'm more cooler than a fan and a mint
And when I'm done this track we'll need a couple bandages
I be wit savages and I'm above average
Im a crazy ass star like a fuckin asterick
You niggas cant see me, I'm on my casper shit
Runnin so much game, I fuck around and lap a bitch
If love like a grocery, I juss bag a bitch
And you kno I'm gonna score like Deion after picks
Im rollin on a pill, she get that mornin after dick
And when my roll came down guess whut I did after it
I popped and took some patrone shots
I pop popped and took some Grey goose shots
I pop popped...yea.
Young Money bitch, and if you niggas wan' do it , we chop chop
Leave ya back on tha block
We pop cops
And there ain't no rights on my block
I got shop
I got that dro, I got them pills, I got that yay
Give it to them hoes and watch them bitches freak away..[Lil Wayne]
Kutch, good kutch, yup
Weezy, dip dip, Wayne set set
And I grip tec's, leave water bed wet
And I know just where to put these hollow tips
His chest, his chest, his chest

[Lil Wayne]
Yea, ayo, I take on a gang of gangs, anythang, animal, orangutans
Gorillas turn to Bathing Apes, when I make it rain
I got a whole collection, I got a dope connection
I got a coke connection, I got a dough infection
No homo, my flow is as hard as an erection
So that's why it's "fuck the world" with protection
Haha, pay attention to the lecture
My words carry life, like a stretcher
Yea, you know young Wayne in here
Smellin teen spirit, like Kurt Cobain was here
Yea, yea, we got them thangs in here
And we will bang in here, yea, yea, yea, yea
And the bank is here Lincolns here
Grants is here, Jacksons here, Franklins here, them dead muthafuckas
And the drank is here, dank is here, stank in here
Gangstas here, wankstas fifth, that red muthafucka
And my city hot, ride with the itchy cock
Cope with the titties popped, muthafucka city cop
And I got the hater like, when will he stop?
Maybe a minute after never, set ya clocks
I'ma nut case, Uptown my birthplace
They feel me cumming like the weekend on Thursday
We got Vegas chips, nigga bet bet
I hope you boys ready, because I'm jet set
And when I cum up in the building, you already know bitch wet
Bitch wet, bitch wet, fuck nah
Hahaha

[Lil Wayne]
Yes, um.. gloves, draws, socks, tees
All made by Ralph Lauren
No shades, just my eyeballs watching them
Tattoos on top of them, igloo's for watches in, champagne for breakfast and
Sports car for lunch, and pussy for dinner
I eat rappers and call it Pussy For Dinner
Yea, that's the paprazzi, I'm in the Mazzurati
Ridin shotty, bad bitch, Clyde and Bonnie
I call her Kami, that short for kamikaze
She call me Daddy, and never short with Daddy money
It's Weezy Baby, shine like a brass monkey
I'm never broke, never have a cast on me
Always pay, always got cash on me
I gotta feed, the pockets in my pants hungry
I'ma Phantom harla, a shooter, not a brawler
And yea girlfriend's a determinded Carter caller
Control a bitch and let a nigga hold a bitch
I put her on the corner shit, I let her make a porno flick
She will play the role again, whenever she roll again
Pop a pill, then roll again, now we on the road again
Yea, I work her, work her, tell her be my slave
Bitch I'm paid, on my cage, I just Can't Feel My Face
With Santana, we well riders, like Al Queda
Supreme Da Da, Young Mula, Bird Junior
Yea.. ha[Curren$y]
Uh, yeah, yeah
Hot Spitta, Spitta, south residing
Young Money y'all, Young Money y'all
Yeah

Figured it's time that I step back from the game
And peep it from a coach's point of view
So I can see how niggas went wrong and how the players was wrong
And I can do it how a pro supposed to do
No mistakes allowed, you get caskets for that shit
The line of scrimmage is waiting
Niggas is blitzing, you could get sacked quick
Drop back like an all star QB
Or the top on that high-end sports car with two seats
You niggas don't comb the pages of the duPont Registry
Looking for vehicles and accessories
Like I do, and every representor of my crew
I get love from cuz and the Pyru
Slide through the drive through of a fast food restaurant
Turn the music down and tell the broad what kind of sauce I want
Scratch off quickly to a main street, intentions to make cheese
Let the windows down and let the purp sing perfectly
The police is peeping me and they don't think that I can see
I know they gon' pull me over and make me get out
But I'm onto 'em, spray the crime
Then kill it and talk calm to 'em
Good day officer, what's the problem?
You looking for answers? I don't got none
I'm from New Orleans and New Orleans don't raise no rats
You know the consequences of your acts, I'm getting money nigga

[Lil Wayne]
Hahaa, I know that's right
Hello world, yeah
Yeah, uh huh, music to fly to coming soon y'all

You can see me on the eastside of New Orleans with a red bitch
Fuck the world, make you walk with a leg twitch
Flow retarded, I'm on some special ed shit
The magnificent, twist it like a dread bitch
And I can get up in the car and drive
And if the record is a smash I can still survive
Yeah, money ain't a thang but everythang to me
Shit I gotta make 'em see no sang to me
Yeah, higher than all of the angels be
And, no I never choke but I strangle beats
And, I am just a player in this game we be
So go blame the referee, don't complain to me
And I used to have a cutlass on stainless feet
Passing all day up Latoya Street
Back when Scarface used to sang to me
Had me feeling like a G was the thang to be
Back when I was peddling my ten-speed bike
Who knew I'd be peddling the six-speed white?
Big dog through the door where the little dogs bite
So if you are female dog, you don't fight
Bitch ass nigga, I ain't got no master
Rich ass nigga, I got all my masters
Bitch ass nigga, I ain't got no master
Rich ass nigga...(Verse 1, Lil Wayne)
And tonight's the night
And them girls all on me like white on rice
And I get 'em to the crib, play two-on-one
I'm, already high, now is you on one?
Take a jet to the sunset, you wan' come?
Or, sit in my Phantom and chew on gum?
Baby, I could take you to and from
Ice up ya lil wrist, til' ya blue hand numb
Umm, ya dealin' wit' a boss lil mama
Young Wayne, tell me my time bud
If you hangin' with the homies, I'll holla
And if ya man ain't me, why bother?
I go by the name Carter
I got more plaques than tarter
I'm just checkin' out the charts on the charter
Number one spot, Wayne and Paula

(Hook, Paula)
Ohh-ohh
You got them goin' crazy you see (Ohh-ohh)
Head-over-heels for me, boy (Ohh-ohh)
Weak in the knees for me, boy (Ohh-ohh)
Cause you so, damn easy (Ohh-ohh)

Got them goin' crazy you see (Ohh-ohh)
Head-over-heels for me, boy (Ohh-ohh)
Weak in the knees for me, boy (Ohh-ohh)
Cause you so, damn easy (Ohh-ohh)

Don't be so, damn easy
Don't be so, d-d-d-damn easy[Girl]
Hold up, hold up is that who I think it
Is coming in here
[Girl #2]
Girl That's Cassidy
[Girl]
Hold on lets go to the dressing room
Get our self together put our
Pussy poppers on, we gon make
This money tonight

[Chorus]
Girl let me see you pop it pop it for that
Paper pop pop it pop it pa-pop it
For that paper drop then pop pop it
Pa-pop it for that paper
Then let me hit the blow
And pop it for the paper

[Cassidy]
I'ma hustla so I be on the grind (on the grind)
I always got the money and the bitches on my mind (on my mind)
And I was born to dine so every where I goes at (goes at)
The first thing I wanna know is where them hoes at (where them hoes at)
Where them girls that be takin off they clothes at (clothes at)
And where them girls that be slindin down them poles at (poles at)
Where them freaks at where them where them freaks at (freaks at)
Who will get down on the floor and make they cheeks clap cheeks clap)
The type of girl that let another girl eat that (eat that)
And if you gotta couple dollars you can beat that (beat that)
Where my girl who be out there on the creep at (on the creep at)
Where them freaks at I had to repeat that (repeat that)
Cause I'm a freak too I get that from my father (father)
Since I can remember I been poppin my collar (collar)
You brought a dollar then holla believe that (believe that)
Girl ya pussy powerful cause niggas need that (need that)

[Chorus x2]

[Sean P.]
Yea lil shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper
So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada
Always be that fresh I guess that why they get my flavor
You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor
Turn around and bust it open DJ call a waitress
I'ma make it rain what she be makin on the basis
Pop them rubber bands yall know what it is
Talkin strip club shawty cause I'm payin on some bills
Got them bottle on deck yea this is how I live
Nigga if you and ya lil homie hatin give you both a pill
Only in Atlanta yea this is where it is
If you into rubber throw a hundred dollar bill
Yea shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper
So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada
Always be that fresh I guess that why she get my flavor
You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor

[Chorus x2]

[Lil Wayne]
Um, well it's the libra baby now come play in my jungle ride my zebra baby
And my hair hang like Tarzan I am the man now be my lady
And u know u wanna be my lady and you know I'm intoxicated yep
I smoke an drink that grade A
And um I like to tounge kiss that's right tongue kiss
I'm talkin diamonds and pearl tongues young prince
And I got them bloods with me bandanna like a hippie
And I tell you this you can be my mistress next to sippii
Lets get it poppin honey now get it poppin shawty
Baby I can make you see more hearts than Ed Hardy
Invite you to my crib I gotta bed party
And I'm the DJ I make you say go DJ

[Chorus x2][Girl]
I have no doubt, that I could love you forever
The only trouble is, you really don't have the time
You got one night only [x5]

[Lil Wayne]
And when they see me, they see 3 baby

She marks her calendar, we schedule every plan
She knows when I'm coming, she's more than a fan
She got my tour dates, she also got a man
But even homie gotta understand
She got (one night only [x2])
And no one gon take it from her, nothing's gon' make her miss it
And when I go she'll miss it
But she'll never forget that (one night only [x2])
Next day another city, she's never coming with me
I'm nothing more than memories
Memories she keep forever
She always dream about me, wish she could sleep forever
She get her fit together, she get her shit together
After my concert, she wanna get together
I get her on my bus, we chill and sit together
She has no curfew, I can take the bitch wherever
Come off a bit respectful, I'm on a different level
I got her feelin special, then she remember
She got (one night only [x8])

[Lil Wayne]
But I can make you love me forever
Baby I can make you love me forever

Now all the hoes hate her, the dudes wanna date her
Her nigga saw her leave, she deal with him later
Right now she with the greateast, I'm even homies favorite
How could he even blame her, she doin him a favor
She let that nigga love her, she let that nigga save her
But when I come she let a nigga take her
Take her for (one night only [x2])
She turnin off her phone, she turnin off her page
Tell hime that shit on roam, that nigga goin in labor
(one night only [x2])
These niggas hate the game, but they can't block the layup
And she go home to him, he sicker than a patient
He waitin at the table, no breakfast at the table
He ask her where she been, she say stop trippin it was (one night only [x8])

[Lil Wayne]
But I can make you love me forever
I can make you love me forever, yeah

[Lil Wayne]
Them older bitches jealous, say she a groupie whore
But every woman in this world was you before
See everybody wish to porn that superstar
But when it come true, how true you are
You got the (one night only [x2])
See, I can't be her man, and she can't be my girl
Oh, but we fuck like it's the end of the world
And we got (one night only [x2])
I got a wife, she knows, my wife aint on the road
When she come to my room, she take off all her clothes
Say anything hoes, tomorrow same clothes
We probably order movies, we probably lay together
But we can't stay together, that's when I gotta tell her

[Girl]
I have no doubt, that I could love you forever
The only trouble is, you really don't have the time
You've got one night only [x4]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah[Chorus]
Came in the game as a youngin, signed with Cash Money, pocket full of money
Niggas poppin shit always talkin bout somethin
See ya ass in public, it's a whole 'notha subject
Man they just talkin bout it, they just talkin bout it
And I'm on the streets with it, I'm on the street with it
See from where I come from, you gotta be about it
And if you want it want it, we come and see about it

[Lil Wayne]
Unhh, it's Weezy Baby like the last shit
A big car and a bad bitch
Unhh, I'm so fly I need an ass kick
These niggas ballin by accident
Unhh, keep talkin, nigga fuck up ya body
Send ya home and tell ya mom, it was an accident
Unhh, I'm a G 'till the casket, drop on my glasses
Unhh, fast money, I'm the fastest
I got that hustlers passion
Ya know, dem boys back at the ass end
I'm at the bank, tryna cash in

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
It's been murder, bitch I make a killing
Insurance papers in the safe, money in the ceiling
I got pillow case full of pistols
Come through a nigga house and aim at the pillows
Unhh, wake up wake up
Fuckin with them boys, you can wake up, taped up
Ya dig, now gon' an drink that lake up
Stick 'em in the truck, let 'em feel that bass pump
Deez niggas is nuts
Man, that M14 leave you physically fucked
Deez niggas is ducks
Well you can call me Scrooge, because I'm swimming in bucks
Bitch

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Yea, yea, too hot, too cold
I'm red hot, blue cold
Yea I knock ya melon out ya fruit bowl
All my guns black, I got true soul
Yea, and I call my coupe the Black Panther
Blat.. blat.. blat, that's the gat anthem
And if a nigga play with family for that matter
I'ma smoke so many niggas, I'ma catch a cancer
And if I step up out this benzo
You know I'm coming with a gun, like a Nintendo
They soft, them niggas fallin when the wind blow
And I'm rollin up my window
Fuck 'em

[Chorus][Chorus]
Mama you wine fine
Mama you... mama you..
Mama... mama you wine fine
We need some quiet time [x3]
Mama you wine fine
Mama you wine fine
And on the hush hush, we need some quiet time

[Lil Wayne]
I get, I get
I, I, I get so deep in that pussy, I touch the back of your soul
You gotta man, I bet I can make you pack up and roll
Yea, let's ride like we attached to the road
And if we on the same track, I hope we crash and explode
Yea, where do the passionate go
I beat it up forever, girl I'll take a national oath
Nobody know what goes on the latch on the door
And if you throw it to me baby, I will catch it and score
Yea, yea
I beat that, I be right when she call me, she got that shit I just can't avoid
She so addictive and she know that I do anything that she tell me
I am her personal sex toy
And then, I pop the bottle of that cris
I had a glass, she had a glass, I had a glass, she had a glass, again
Ya know, then she was ready got to it
One time, two times, hit me up and I take that ass again
And I told her

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I see ya walkin like the cameras on ya, I love ya backshots
I'm like a crackhead, and you got your crack out
See, we got chemistry baby, we like cat and mouse
You blow my brains out, I blow ya back out
Now what is that about
You got me sweatin you so hard, I'm bout to pass out
And we could do it on the beach, in the grass house
Say, we could do it on the beach, in my glass house
Uh huh
I know what I'm doin, I'm on it until the mornin
Hop on it until it's foamin, I bone it better than homie
I want it better than homie, come get on this pony
I put my name on it, I own it
That's right
Pin ya to the wall, give ya couple of back bites
Give ya couple of thigh bites, then here comes the highlight
I could make ya act rrright
Take a ten minute break, then get back right
And then I told her

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Yea, I told her
Ya mama gotta be a model, or somethin
And if you was a wine bottle, I'm drunk
She dance on me like it's just us girl
You could make a nigga pay ya rent for 6 months
Shhhi, I ain't lyin girl
I could make ya little pussy start cryin girl
You won't fire girl
You know the fireman could put out the fire girl
Are those applebottom jeans ya wearin?
She said these is Donna Karen
So tight, she can't even let air in
Man I swear I saw a blind man starin
No lie, and I hope she take her clothes off
So we can do it, 'til we doze off
We fall asleep with our clothes off
When we wake up, we pick up where we left off
And then I tell her

[Chorus][Unknown Girl]
Cities, streets, that's where I learned
Play with fire, you'll get burned
When the heat was on, I turned
Turned to trouble... trouble

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, C three, yeah
New Orleans baby, a street called Eagle
And everybody's ill, yeah, illegal
People steal cars, we steal people
We eat like dogs, but we still people
And even when ya lost, trouble still see you
And even if ya dead broke, we are still equal
One time for the lil people
Eat ya meal, don't let ya meal eat you
(I run with trouble... trouble)
Street runner we crazy with dis one
I run... with... trouble

[Lil Wayne]
And just the other day, my nigga Chris killed his self
I pray to God, that I never feel the way he felt
Where do we go when there's no help?
He figured Heaven, so he went left
Ya'll know that ain't right
Plus, he was high as a plane that same night
Shit, I probably been on that same flight
Shit, I probably had that same fight
I just kept swingin
Twelve rounds comin, bells ringin
(I run with trouble... trouble)
Introduced to the game, when I was just a child
Mama love a drug dealer, straight quit her job
And took his life, and along with him, I died
And she died, we died
Then came my daughter, to my bed side
Told me daddy, don't cry, I'm alive
I look her in the eyes, and see me with no sins
But this is how the note ends

[Lil Wayne]
Ya know, let's kick it back
I can't call it
(I run with trouble... trouble)
Ya know, heheh
Yeah, yeah

[Lil Wayne]
The tool, it poke out the jeans
The coke smell just like a bunch of coffee beans
Ya nah mean? and everything ain't what it seem
Ya nah mean? and don't play that game, without your team
Kill for my bread, kill for my G's, kill for my cream
I will have that red beam on hot beam
Now I hear sirens, wait I think I see one behind me
I ain't trippin baby, money got me
Unh
(I run with trouble... trouble)
And fuck the police, fuck the feds, too
I ain't jumpin in that jump suit
A one, I'm on my one, two
Check me out, I fuck around and check you
Respect due, pay yours nigga
Mines under the seat, by my feet, where's yours nigga?
Too much hoarse liquor, huh?
Too much pressure, too much force
Too much money, never heard that before
Shit
And we stop the snitches at the door
Cut that tail off the rat, he won't rat no more
(I run with trouble... trouble)
Shit, that's right, get trapped fuck with my G's
Keep shootin, 'til I burn my sleeves
Nigga please, these boys is G's
Represent New Orleans, like a Florida leaf
Shit, what you know about it, we more than thieves
We steal from the rich, so the poor can eat
Yeah, niggas act up, my niggas act accordingly
Hey soldier, don't war with me
Jump on it[Chorus]
Been running for too long [x3] It's time to give me mine
Time to time to give me mine, time to give me mine
Benn running for too long, it's time to give me mine

[Lil Wayne]
I'm so far ahead man
What they talking bout, Fee, they ain't saying shit
It could weak a whole court, like Stan Smith
Or Judge Judy, you niggas betta shoot me
Cause I bought my mans a glock, and I bought myself a uzi
Don't confuse me, no they don't amuse me
I come after the money, like Wednesday come after Tuesday
I told Stunna I'm wylin', he say don't worry I got ya
He told me, cut the heads off, and bring 'em back for papa
Yea, dem niggas gettin scurred, word
All dat talkin, just a whole bunch of verb
Pussy ass nigga got a whole bunch of nerve
I have 'em put yo picture on a whole bunch of shirts
I smoke a lot of weed, and drink a whole bunch of syrup
I like brain, so I fucks with a whole bunch of nerds
Heh, I am number 1
Cause 2 is not a winner, and no one remembers third

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Wizzle F. Baby, yea (bitch!)
See, money is the topic, baby
See, I'm a giant, all these otha niggas mockin, baby
They microscopic, baby
Big crib, I can't even hear 'em knockin, baby
Headed to the top, like I'm tied to a rocket, baby
To all the foreign woman, let's make a tropic, baby
I got so many bitches, I could make a combilation
I'd like to thank the haters, for yo cooperation
I got dat docter chopper, give you an operation
Nigga this is my crusaders, kill for confromation
We all got on masks, we bout to toxic waste 'em
I hope they momma raised 'em, cause they got bitch ways
If they don't pay for ya, they get ya back dead
Real talk, stop walkin on ya back legs
Step into the lime light, bullshit backstage
I used to tote a 32 up in my crack days
I tote dat AK-47 in my rap days

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I'm comin, Wizzle F. Baby (bitch!), yeah
Come and get it, anyone can get it
But since I'm the president, I'll be a lil more politic
I'm chillin in the clinic
Cause dats how many nurses, I got working on my dizzick
Snakes in the grass, rats, lizards
But 'round here, snitches don't exist like wizards
Hoe this ain't punch, I'm sippin on some sizzurp
I roll a fat joint, and do my fingers like scissors
Da game so cold, I done had my share of blizzards
But now I got dat big money runnin like rivers, nigga
I'm hear to get my shit straight, burner on the hip waist
Leave a nigga street full of bones, like a fish plate
Yea, I'm from the hood, but now I'm livin in a rich way
Swear I got on my knees, and thanked God for this day
So say what you wanna say
I need to throw a cup of water in my face
1st place, I...

[Chorus]Yea buddy, Weezy F. Baby Baby
Yea, my type of shit
See, when I do what I do, I do it
I said when I do what I do, I do it
Dat right

[Lil Wayne]
See, she all on my dick, cause I make alot of money
But I unno why, cause she gets none, bring it back...
All on my dick, cause I make alot of money
But I unno why, cause she gets none from me
She only get dick, way down in her tummy
And she tell all of her friends, now her friends wanna, bring it back...
Only get dick, way down in her tummy
And she tell all of her friends, now her friends wanna fuck me
I'm lookin in the mirror, and I see a dollar sign
I had a cat scan, and I had money on my mind
I tell a bitch go and get my name on ya spin
So I can feel good, when I'm hittin it from behind
I'm crack rock fresh, baby I'm that boy
Now put me in a pot and watch I come back hard
Yea put me on that block and watch I come back rich
Now she done put me in that pussy, she aint come back since

[Chorus + Hook]
Ask dem hoes, yea ask dem hoes
Ask dem hoes about me, ask dem hoes
Mmhmm, yea ask dem hoes
Ask dem hoes about me

I'ma beast, ask dem hoes
I'ma dog, ask dem hoes
I'ma beast, ask dem hoes
I'ma dog, ask dem hoes
Bitch I'ma beast, ask dem hoes
Hoe I'ma dog, ask dem hoes
Bitch I'ma beast, ask dem hoes
Hoe I'ma dog, ask dem hoes

[Lil Wayne]
Hat to the side, rims on the ride
It can't fit in my pocket and I don't have, hold up...
Hat to the side, rims on the ride
It can't fit in my pocket and I don't have to cock it
Scarface bitch, cocaine by the pie
Got them hoes sniffin, like dem hoes about to, hold up...
Scarface bitch, cocaine by the pie
Got them hoes sniffin, like dem hoes about to cry
Ms. MySpace don't blow my high
I download hard dick, to your hard drive
Den she got on her knees and soon we locked eyes
She caught it, like it was a routine pop fly
I'm dope boy fresh, new jeans, new everything
Dem bitches want me, like a wedding ring
I told her dat, I'm married to the money, committed to the cash
All I see is pussy, titties, and the ass

[Chorus + Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
Call me Weezy F. bitch I'm straight from the street
Dope game is sour, and the dope is sweet
I live in the tower, got a scope on the heat
Hit you from 100 feet, we don't even have to meet
Ya bitch love me, we don't even have to meet
But if I run into her, believe me I will, hold on...
Ya bitch love me, we don't even have to meet
But if I run into her, believe me I will do her
And if that bitch is crazy, believe I will sue her
Got some hungry-ass lawyers, that would eat her up and chew her
I don't know why you love her, I wish I never knew her
She only give me brain, she was just another tutor
She blow my whole band, I was just another tuba
Now get off my dick, and get lost in Aruba
It's money over bitches, Cash Money over bitches
Young Money over bitches, get money from them bitches
I do!

[Chorus + Hook][Chorus]
Ridin round the city, with some brand new heat
Brand new car, brand new feet
Brand new seats, brand new smell
Put out the roach, light a brand new L

[Hook]
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new
Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new
Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new

[Lil Wayne]
I'm cold like a midnight in Aspin
I am a president, and the assassin
Cameras on, big lights, action
Welcome to the show, I am the main attraction
Money in the mattress, money in the attic
Money on my mind, money is my habit
Stay on the grind, until money's automatic
Bitch I love money, I'ma fuckin fanatic
Always strapped, gripped type graspin
Say what? Who me? Click clack, blast em
Chrome 24s tires thin like, napkin
Gotta ride big, cause I am like a captain
You know I'm a boss, chillin, relaxin
Probably in my office, doin my taxes
You litte niggas, so not in my bracket
And I don't even have time to practice

[Chorus]

[Hook]

Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new)

[Lil Wayne]
Tight, ridiculous price
Ya camera has never saw a picture this nice
I'm fishin and the bitches will bite
It's probably cause my game is fixodent tight
Right, I'm fuckin every bad bitch twice
And if she doesn't wear panties, then I fuck her on sight
I'm nasty like Spice, I know what she likes
I could make a black women scream, like she white
I can make a white woman scream, like Mike
But before she start singin, she gotta check my mic
Niggas just hatin, and I done lost sight
It's like I don't see 'em, I only see the light
Talkin that shit, but you boys just hype
I hope you bring a gun to the fight
Aight, Louis V. tennis shoes, big brown stripe
You think you fresh, shit nigga, I'm ripe

[Chorus]

[Hook]
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new (them too)
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (okay)

[Lil Wayne]
Brand new coupe, drivin crazy then a mothas
Sittin low in the seats, with the burners sittin under
Got my tank-top, top down, it probably aint summer
But I ride like that, cause I'm hotter then them others
Damn, it's no keep up with the brother man
I could spekk my name, in burnt rubber
I'm gone, leave me alone, while the dog is at supper
You could wash my plate, and put it back in the cupboard
Uh um, I'm so far ahead of them suckers
I'ma hafta start rappin in numbers
I promise the flow don't stop, they come rappin like thunder
I bet you hide under your covers

[Chorus]

[Hook]
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, my shirt brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch, my shoes brand new (them too)
Fuck you bitch, I'm actin brand new (yah)[Chorus]
Tell them boys I'll be here, when they come for me
Me and every single nigga, that got love for me
See I got money on my mind but haters won't leave me alone
So I'm ridin' everyday with every pistol that I own
Tell them, I'll be here when they come for me
Me and every single nigga, that got love for me
See I got money on my mind but haters won't leave me alone
So I'm ridin' everyday with every pistol everyday with every pistol

[Verse 1]
Yeah, nigga you done fucked up, nigga back the fuck down
I dont care where I go, I dont care what you know
I dont care what you say, I put the words back down your throat
I dont care where you stay, nigga I'm from up town
I gotta get 'em Slim, they talkin' beef to me
They just a bunch a bitches, they talkin' sweet to me
Pussy niggas, I guess I gotta eat pussy
Put a hole in 'em, now thats some deep pussy
The cops hate me, but a star is born
The streets love me, but how long will they mourn
I'm a real nigga, say real nigga thangs
But it dont have no name

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I never fold, I just take my chance
I let life deal, but I just take my hand
Protection off safety, I look straight ahead
I got them niggas Weezy, thats what the 380. said
You got to play in the field to get paid
Then you got to go lay in the bed that you made
Its Cash Money its the army brigade
And I'm spittin like I ate a grenade
I'm dippin in the empire fade and the one with the butt (yeah)
Put the wings up and straight show em my guts, yuck
My swaggers so mean and I know how to operate that machine (brrroooww)

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Yep, yep, aim at his brain, make a nigga learn
And if thats chopper bullets, then they suppose to burn
And if you been to jail, I never seen a cell
But I come from New Orleans, yeah right there under hell
Tell my gal dont you worry bout nothin but see
These niggas want me dead, so hug me tight when you fuck me
I told her I'm strapped, I'm a rider girl
And I'm a shoot from every side like around the world
Uh, believe that you, can tell em bring the whole gang
I'm a get you but that automatic touchin' er'thing
Nigga its the Birdman J.R., pure pain, you just a curb stain

[Chorus]Intro:
Hahaha, Oh you we here
Young weezy baby, Owwohh
 
(Chorus)
I wont deny it, I'm a fuckin rider
You dont wanna fuck with me ha
I bet she dont wanna fuck with me
Cause who wouldnt wanna fuck with me
Now I cant tell you shit about the next miami goon
That aint got nothin on me
So baby you should you should bury him
And just marry me, just marry me 
{music slows down}
 
verse 1:
Haha okay I'm lookin for a raya bone
And when I get her, I'ma tap it like a faya phone
And shorty talk about her man, she said she tired of him
I said well baby I'ma have ya tryin to hide from him
And if its weezy then the women wanna lie to him
And I'ma give it to em, mama said give it to em
So I'ma give it to her just the way she want it
I said girl I'm tryin to put my name on it
I'm tryin to own it welcome to my ranch and I'ma act a donkey
From the mornin to the night to the mornin
And if you back it up then I'ma a jump on it
 
(Chorus)
I said I wont deny her shorty is a rider
And she gon ride for me
I said she lookin like my bride to be
I take one knee, let me take one knee
And I said baby will you marry me
We will ever after happily
Just the way its supposed to be
Just you and me, just you and me
 
Verse 2:
Haha yeah shorty said she want a rider
And I could be that image, more like a provider
I can provide her and if you lookin for me
I'm probably inside her, you only like her
I'm tryin to wife her, see I'ma lighter
And shes my fire, see we are tighter
Than grip plyers, she gets me higher
Higher than my purp, shorties so bright
When you look at her make your eyes hurt
Better get a visor
oh yeah shes cold yeah shes cooler than an iceburg
Fuck what you might heard
You only like her, I'm tryin to wife her
 
(Chorus)(Voice synthesized)
I said I wont deny her shorty is a rider
And she gon ride for me
I said she lookin like my bride to be
I take one knee, let me take one knee
And I said baby will you marry me
We will ever after happily
Its just the way that its supposed to be
Just you and me, just you and me[Hook] {X2}
"Sweet street pusher, give me that gusher
Nasty stuff, look up! I took her" [Swiss Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money
[Lil Wayne] Mr Angel on the beat
Young mula baby, and the devil on the flow ha ha ha
Young mullah baby, and the monsta on the hook ha ha, swizzy!
Young mullah baby, streeetzz..

[Lil Wayne] Damn I hate a old fake ass nigga
Dats why you only see me wit some bape ass niggaz
We gotta eat early like break fast nigga
New Orleans land of where yo gate pass nigga
Like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, on 4
Pussy ass niggaz wont survive no mo
And the niggaz say it is ours
but it aint ours no mo
From the deep part of the water where the divers wont go
Hey sharks, sup piranhas,
dem boys catfish, dem boys flanges
I pop on grove, I roll around ya,
hit ya wit that 2 2 step 10 times like ensenza
Fuckin wit my..

[Swizz Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money
Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money

[Lil Wayne] yea, yea, ha ha
And fuck that fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck that nigga pussy ass nigga
Yea, yea young mullah baby, t streets..
T streets - fuck, what the fuck I look like
Fuck my verse, nigga
swizz got the hook right
Asian let me catch em wit the beam an its cooked right
Weezy be the crack in the jar and he shook right
And im the nigga standin over the stove
Wit a good price wit a b? ride bitch
Drive bricks an book flights
Good by bad days, hello good nights
No my coke look like Carmelo?
Sittin in lebrons, driver seat reclined
2 woman, my mary j disc and my 9
Its my life, my life, my mutha fuckin life
And fuck one time it's..

[Swizz Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money
Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money

[Lil Wayne] ha ha. T streets, B A G swalla ha ha
We young mullah baby yea..
I murder that boy, I kill that bitch
Straight burn ya body up like a skillet bitch
I turn beef to me meyou, be my fil-let bitch
And ya stomach aint gotta hurt for you to feel dat shit
So aint no love for no otha so say I fuck dem tricks
Aint no loves flyin now besides birds of dem bricks
Unless you talkin bout eagle dats the street I know
The person now the routes to couldn't see my flow
I clap a nigga 3 times, like the 3 syllables
Word that I know, called (clap) hol - ly - grove
Nigga fuck yo money, clothes, cars, hoes
Kids, friends, and foes, and you and den I get back to the..

[Swizz Beatz] Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money
Money, cars, clothes, hoes {*2X*}
I'm from the ghetto so gimme my money(Chorus)
I don't know bout you but a my girlfriend, got a girlfriend
My girlfriend, got a girl and we do, do, do, do, do what we do
Do, do, do, do, do what we do
My girlfriend, got a girlfriend, we do, do, do, do, do what we do
Do, do, do, do, do, what we do

[Verse 1]
You know me, young f hoe
I get's all in her mouth like strep throut
I get's all in her belly like Pepto
Straight stompin' in that pussy like a step show
Ghetto vets keep me with 'em like lip glow
College bitches keep me with 'em like cliff notes
Cold bitches keep me with 'em like thick coats
Two foreign bitches now, thats a mix show
Pull your skirt up and let your lips show
She fell in love with a stripper at the strip show
And now its two bitches and me, two bitches and me
Two bitches and me

(Chorus)

[Verse 2]
Yeah, I like long hair, I hate make up
Fuck my pillows up, fuck is really up
I like slim chicks' I love thick broads
All the bitches love me, I need a thick guard
And if she don't give head she's a nimrod
Bitch i'll never put your number on my sim card
I look at MJG and 8 Ball as mentors
All they told me was to pimp hard
Pimp harder, I get head and tail like a quarter
Yep, yeah in that order
Two bitches and me, two bitches and me

(Chorus)

[Verse 3]
Two bitches and me, two bitches and me
Two bitches and me, two bitches and me
And they kissin' and huggin', they kissin' and huggin'
They kissin' and huggin', they kissin' and huggin'
Hello, I can play with it, I can beat it up
Yep beat it up, get your pussy lip bust
Wait, she said she wanna know how pussy taste
She wanna suck dick, while she get her pussy ate
Ha, movies, massage, manage, bedroom
Bathroom, garage, goodbye, haha, just leave me be
And it was just us three, two bitches and me 

(Chorus)[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, stop playin' with me, cannon in my hand
And I'll be damned if any man, disrespect me on my land
Intercept a nigga plan, in an effective ass nigga
I'm the fa fa fireman but I'll wet that ass nigga
My desert pump liquor, I'm a special ass nigga
No frontin' I'm in front of these extra ass niggas
I'm a extra bad nigga, I'm a sideways shooters
Open up the Mazaradi, fuck the highway troopers
Cause nowadays dudes will run and tell the troopers
Cause I hope the same trooper will find you when I lose ya
Cause these niggas are talkin' at the side of they madulas
Preserve a nigga put his body in a cooler
Turn 'em into ice, call me Weezy the jeweler
Run up on me boy and get smoked like a hooter
Who the fuck wanna get it in ya next break
Gasoline on your door steps, fire

[Chorus]
I'm the fireman, fire, fa fireman, OW
You can smoke it up and I'm a put you out
Weezy, allergic to winter time, HOT

[Verse 2: Twista]
Uh, Twista, Cash Money
Niggas shook by Twista, lil' Weezyana status, show em heaven(uh huh)
Call a reverend, I'm a burn em up like ladder 47, with a mac 11
Try to shoot a baby cart a you with my arsenew, I'm an arsenist(Say what)
With a 40 cal with a 50 clip, uh, uh you dont want a part of this(What)
? do ya pop your oblingata, call a doctor
Homie your are not Baby, not the Twista and not the Carter(Uh uh)
Don't be comin' up to me actin' pity, while I carry glocks to carve ya(yeah)
Stop tommorow, you can break my hands
I write with my mind, you cant stop the author(yeah)
Try to run up on the block, why bother(yeah)
I'm a shoot em with the pump
Then I go and throw his body in a ditch
No one will ever find ya and won't nobody
Talk about you cause I'm a real street mobster(No)
Ghetto gangstas dont eat pasta
Only fuck with the shrimp and the lobster
Murder that pussy holy ghed boy, while I'm dressed up like a rasta(papapa)
New Orleans and Chi connect, stay burnin' sticky(what)
And we gettin scummy
Steady gettin' money, thats why I'm up on fifty, shit
I only be fuckin' with niggas thats earnin with me
If you try, you gon' die, on fire, cause I'm so high
Watch how we burn this city

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Ya know, ya know, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Sicker than a bird flu, i'am the birdman junior
And you niggas just bird food, we livin' in a whirlpool
You got to eat or get ate and you look like bait
Dont you stick one hand over the gate
This dog, treat you niggas just like steak
Dinner, I'm that nigga take a break
My fuck up is a perfect mistake, I'm great
Murda, renegade music my flows stupid
I'm cold, I spit mucus, I'm tight like suityas
Righteous, ruthless, strapped, shoot ya
We rich sue us, snitch, leave em
Bitch sue us, pushin up Daisies, Roses, Petunias
Wakes, funerals, service, communion
I'm hotter than a motherfuckin' Hot Boys reunion, Weezy

[Chorus][Chorus: Babyface]
I'm not saying this to shake you up
I'm just saying this to wake you up
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, it's granted
My love for you, is real
Baby if you don't love me
Somebody else will
So don't you ever get too comfortable

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah to the left to the left
If you want to leave be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplaceable listening to Beyonce
But ok ill put you out on your BDay
Now if you rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe
I got game like E.A.
But I want to let you play
And don't I treat you like souffl
Don't I look at you like I see a new day
And don't I do what I do say
I'm through talking so I'm a let you, Face

[Chorus: Babyface]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah let me catch my breath
You talking bout leave baby you ain't gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And I'm a send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, you're leaving the best
So you would have to settle for less
I am no Elliot Ness, I don't handcuff I don't arrest
I do confess to the virginsy
Cause under them sheets I am a mess
Yes, baby you blessed
Not chess don't jump your nest

[Chorus: Babyface]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's no sweat no sweat
I will never 1, 2, 3 4-get
About you, your love, your sex
You know I work you out like bowflex
Our jokes, no stress
Love live life proceed progress
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together, never disconnect
Your back, your neck
Funny how that song hasn't got old yet - to us
So let's project
You stay in, never incorrect
FACE!

[Chorus: Babyface]Hey baby look here, I got this new song I wrote
it's got that nice slow groove that everybody dancin to
and when I play it, it kinda remind me of me and you
I mean, there's one more thing I want to talk about
It's time for you to come home, everybody got their problems
I'm dealing with mine
I done gave up them narcotics, I'm a changed man

[Bridge]
She loves me, she loves me not.

[Verse 1: Little Brother]
How many ways can I say I'm done fishin
You wanted the role, smash the audition
Havin a partner for a man in my position eliminates the cooks in the kitchen
Still I got a taste for that fast food, foreign cars, many women
And some say it's the life I was given
I say it don't matter if I work at Mickey D's
I still got a fix for what you got between ya knees
On a new broad, you still one to one
Every once in again I like havin some fun
No disrespect intended but what's done is done
Women steppin out for love, men do what to come
Not a playa like Pun, but when shorties get the grabbin on me
The last thought I get is Koobie run
To them girls wishin on a star that's will stun
But I gotta tell it like it is hun, one

[Chorus 2X: Lil Brother First, Lil Wayne Second]
She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go
But if you're thinkin of leaving you need to let me know
We better together then further apart, so darlin don't go breakin my heart

[Verse 2: Little Brother]
We was high school sweethearts, talkin since we was teens
Every morning, and every evening
Ten years later she eatin that mean cuisine
I'm on the field, straight gone of that creatine
In the NFL which mean Not For Long
City to city, all the groupies they hop along
Word get back to wifey, she like "Stop the song"
I'm takin the kids to my mommas, I'm out, I'm gone
Momma was like Baby now I hate to see your tears
But I've been with your daddy for 'bout 35 years
And in my day I had to turn a blind eye to cheating
But I ain't never had to wear no black eye from beatings
As long as he doing right, by you and your kids
How you gon expect that man not to be who he is
I ain't sayin that it's right but we often pay the price
Cause a womens life is love, a mans love is life
And he gon live it to the fullest, and I ain't tryna pull you down or sound like a broken record
But you should know by now that all niggaz is dogs
Better to have a rich pit then a broke german shepard

[Chorus: 2X]
She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go
But if you're thinkin of leaving you need to let me know
We better together then further apart, so darlin don't go breakin my heart

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I say I don't have nothin if I don't have you
Like Shadai, we got the sweetest taboo
And my game is skin deep, like your first tattoo
I gets all in ya head just like shampoo
I just wanna fuck with you like rude polices
I don't want a broken heart because I lose the pieces
Hey, girl don't play with my gangsta
And have the boy blue like a Texas Ranger
And I know cheaters never get crowned
So I play "fair" like roller coasters and clowns
You gotta hold ya soldier down
Even when the war is lookin it is right around the corner
And you don't want to leave me, believe me
Cause I could turn you on like a personal TV
It's young weezy, I know what ya thought
But I'm just here to play my part, so don't go breakin my heart

[Chorus 2X: Lil Wayne First, Lil Brother Second]
She say she love me, won't leave me, won't ever let me go
But if you're thinkin of leaving you need to let me know
We better together then further apart, so darlin don't go breakin my heart[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
They say opposites attract, so hear I am girl
With my pistol in my pocket
Hidden under right in my jockey, yeaaahhh
They say opposites attract so here she is girl
With the master of bachelor
She just become a doctor
[repeat 2X]
Operate on me
I need that open heart surgery
cause the way my heart is feeling
I can't make it through the night

[Lil Wayne]
Pocket full of money and some dark shades
Flow so current he can start waves
Game like butter he Parkay
Love me some head like shortay's
Coppin quarters like the arcades
Getting high with my animals in our cage
And you can see us if we start gaze
Creole boy maybe I saut
On your mark, ready, start race
That's just you making my heart race
And I may be the opposite, but I'ma let cha operate, yeaah

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
And I know she wants the D-boy
So I'ma pop on her like kee-loy
And I got that magic like Bruce Leroy
If this isn't it, then love got a a decoy
Ger body sicker than retard
And I bet I got the medicine she need for it
And I bet I got the medicine to keep going
She shoots me happiness and I bleed joy
No band-aid for me boy
I lost my love, yeah they girl got me weak for it
Yeah I see you, and I see you, when I see you
Girl you're the one can I be two
And if your love is clear then I see through
Then they yell clear and I'll pull through
You save my life baby I will too
Then they say

[Chorus][Scarface]
Young Face slangin, Ya Ya Ya
Heavyweight, Got a bad bitch in every state
On the grind, nonstop till I touch this cake
Mark ass niggaz, stay the fuck up out my way
I be true O.G., you can quote what I say
I'm a H-town nigga from around the way
Southside, ridin dirty like I'm UGK
Asshole by nature like my name was Tre
And I don't gangbang, I control the Game
What I'm representin here's puttin holes in brains
Oh, I say the same thing till I'm old and grey
For I falloff and rap about my clothes and chains
Grippin grain and poppin trunks, Dawg that ain't me
These elbows hit the scene back in '83
I stay street with it, dun asked that
You can find me in your hood pumpin monster crack
I rollover rodents with rims on em
Sniffing out a rat, I expose them and then bend on em
I lotta bitches but they claiming they O.G.s
A straight up pussy, he claims he knows me
See I puttin out these VVdees
Let my shit hit the streets, he got to squat to pee
Got them eggs on these beams, so they watchin me
Might trap for a rat, pussy watch and see

[Chorus]
I been straight for a long time
Gettin checks for a long time
Gettin Jake for a long time
E&J for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me
Been a G, for a long time
Been in the streets, for a long time
Toting heat, for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me

I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status

[T.I.]
It's your price, but I ain's scared
It's my pleasure to say it right, don't think I ain't said
They got prices on my, nigga I don't slip
Clips longer than giraffe necks, that's why I don't trip
Just open up and let em rip, nothing new to a G
Hey, I ain't worried about these niggaz, till they shoot at me
My partner died, daughter too, your excuses to me
Still a busta ass rapper I'm refusing to be
Scarface seem to think I'm the king,
You're a fool if you think,
There's another new, young rapper dude out there that's cooler than me
I choose in the V, brand new with the beat
I live real life like I say I do in the beat
Yeah, true indeed I do indeed
Do it for the O.G.s and the true MCs
Them bustas say this year I got brand new and it's all phat
But the fightin in the club, I'm done with all that
Nigga, his ass out of line, then his ass gettin whacked
Give a west-side 10 stacks and that's that
But maybe less as a matter of fact
Nigga don't be testin the professor, What's the matter with cats

[Chorus]
I been straight for a long time
Gettin checks for a long time
Gettin Jake for a long time
E&J for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me
Been a G, for a long time
Been in the streets, for a long time
Toting heat, for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me

I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status

[Lil Wayne]
I Been doing this shit, nigga who are you
Little nigga I done seen keys bigger than you
Nigga, you ain't know shit,
Cut off a nigga head, make him suck his own dick
How the game go
Money over bitches and flowers over snitches
Money over bitches and flowers over snitches
Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)?
Mr., Mr. Scarface, pistol into yardfish (What the hell is this)?
Yaaahhhh!

[Scarface]
Came here to exercise my game
Spreadin love to the hood's, how I do my thang
Smokin with my homies, barbecuing them wangs
Sip hennesy and coke, cause I don't fuck with dranks
Hoe pop pills either cause that shit ain't coll
We just drunk and mad dawg fo we went to school
Lik off, back then I was smashin boys
Jump wrong, you saw a nigga get his ass destroyed
Same rules right now, I demand respect
If I slap one hoe, then her man's is next
I'm a kick door robber, A hot shot driver
A crack rock slingin muthafucka for a dollar
If you dare to be laid, then off in the acky
But if it ain't no way, then best believe I'm take it off a
A Nigga with no hustle, it ain't work it yet
And a bitch like that is even worse than death
Out in the hood bullshittin is what this game can cost him
And if a nigga can't maintain mane he lost it
Be a nerd, and they fuck nerds in jail I heard
As a nigga, I'm up in here with my balls and my word

[Chorus]
I been straight for a long time
Gettin checks for a long time
Gettin Jake for a long time
E&J for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me
Been a G, for a long time
Been in the streets, for a long time
Toting heat, for a long time
Nigga, try to get like me

I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status
I got Big Dogg Status, I got Big Dogg Status[Intro]
We the best! (Yeah) Who? We! We the best(uh-huh)
Its alot of money on this track(yeah)
So much money we cant even count it
We gotta weigh it
See what we about to do is? (yeah) whats that wayne?
Exactly (listen) what they cant do! True that!

[Verse 1: Bow Wow]
Hay we's the number one stunna ha Bow Weezy(speak)
I spit two hundred now my necks so freezy
Hay look my pockets stay fat like Norbit(damn)
Ball so much that I should play for the Hornets(cash ha)
Rocks so rocky I ain't talkin bout the movie(yep)
Your girl love me when done she wipe me down like Boozie(ha damn)
I keep paper a student in school(okay)
Around her we ride 28's, fuck 22's
Nigga try to stunt on me, I'm a stunt way harder(hay)
Black car spinnin call me, Mr. Tear-The-Mall-Up(ha)
So bring niggas to the left to the left
And I'm all about my benjamins just like Mike Epps(money)
When it comes to the hoes hell yeah I got alot(true)
In the club poppin bottles but my name ain't Yung Joc(ha)
And ya already know I'm the freshest
With some many chains on me it'll make Slick Rick jealous(HA)

[Chorus]
(Bow Wow) I'm a young nigga with money
What she gon tell you young nigga with some money
(Lil' Wayne) Hay you young nigga with money(thats me)
What you gon do with all that money
I'ma stunt (when I want to) I'm a stunt (when I have to)
I'ma stunt (what I need to) I'm a stunt (when I see you)
I'ma stunt (when I see you) I'm a stunt (when I see you)
Evertime I see you I'ma stunt (When I see you)

[Verse 2:Lil' Wayne]
Weezy F. Baby, these hold nomen
Young meal ticket, watch me kick it like Shinobi
Flip it like arobics, my flow is so heroic
My girl got a fat ass and I catch it when she throw it
Ill wet you in the mornin, burn ya in the evenin
Dump ya at night and that duffle bag light
Like my shades hella dark and my red flag bright
Got ya bitch blowin me, like she playin bag pipe
Yep I lay that pipe, I'm the plumber to ya women
Im the flame on the stove, in the desert in the summer
I'ma stunna so, I'm gonna stunt on you bitches
Big tow trucks sitin on chrome inches
My account look like foreign digits
Dont play in that water cause today I'm goin fishin
You dont get it, thats why I punch that 430 
Til got it up on inches(too late)
And I'm a young nigga with money
Now what you gon tell a young nigga with MONEY?!

[Chorus]
(Bow Wow) Hay you nigga with money(yeah)
What you gon do with all that money well
I'ma stunt (when I want to) I'm a stunt (when I have to)
I'ma stunt (what I need to) I'm a stunt (when I see you)
I'ma stunt (when I see) I'm a stunt (when I see)
Evertime I see you I'm a stunt (When I see you)

[Verse 3: Bow Wow]
If your watch cost a hundred, you ain't ridin 28's
You ain't stuntin like this (no)
You ain't stuntin like this (no)
And if your crib didnt come with the butlers and the maids
You ain't stuntin like this (no)
You ain't stuntin like this (no)
And if you ask for the price, when you shop at the mall
Then you ain't stuntin like this (no)
Then you ain't stuntin like this (no)
And if you dont make it rain, when your up in the club
Then you ain't stuntin like this (no)
Then you ain't stuntin like this (no) NAW!

[Chorus 4X]
 
Say nigga this ain't gon stop know what I mean
Thats me! shiittt! What you know about ridin 26's nigga
Better read about this nigga real talk
My paper long baby what I'm sayin man
You niggas got to get your weight up
Better eat some weaties around here nigga for real[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I'm a let you know somethin' 'bout me
I'm a 7 boy, know what I'm talkin 'bout? Yeah!
I'm on a pound of that oil, that sticky icky
To go with it, some of that 'tuss, yeah
What you know 'bout it? Nothin'
Let me get at 'em

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Hey, five key's in the freezer while you sittin' on 'em
I use to hide 'em in the cupboard had the kitchen funky
I'm a superstar hustler all the bitches want me
But I'm just tryin' to get my money, keep the piglets off me
I'm in the coupe with ten g's in the school bag
That's food cash, I got work on campus, news flash, yes
Weezy fuckin' baby, with his rude ass, bitch

[Verse 2]
In a thermal over the flamer, I had the gun cocked
And I know you see it like Yung Joc
I'm just sippin' on that Remy Blood
And I need some ice to light my hands up like MJ gloves
While you cuffin' that girl ass, you know she sharin' that
Cause I made the Coupe roof, do a disapearin' act
Now cricks wanna snitch, I aint tryin' to do a corny bid
I wanna shine, so I grind like Horny kids
Wait, I told you get the cake or I roast ya
Gats drawn, mask on, like its late October
Now bitches wanna please me, cause I did a song with Weezy
Actin' all sceezy, oh ma, take it easy
Right after I bust on your chin, you gotta leave me
I told you that I wasn't your friend, you should believe me
Im a P to the I to the M to the P-O
If I get books, still get my kush from the C-O

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Cause this is murda, murda music
So run, run and get your gun and use it
Man, and we hustle, hustle, hustle, we hustle, hay
We also hustle, hustle, hustle, we hustle, yeah

[Verse 3]
Yeah money over bitches, dont show her where your stash dummy (naw)
Need a bird man, so I'm hollerin' at Cash Money
Then I'm gon' chop it up (yeah) see the fiends coppin up (okay)
Feds they be watchin' us (yeah) lookin' through binoculars (uh huh)
But they ain't stoppin' us (no) they don't know where the block'd'r'us (no)
Drama Boy Click if you run up, then my glocks'll bust (yeah)
My plan is to put man lead in ya guys (okay)
My brother on my side in that black 745 (c'yeah)
No tints, you can see my face (uh huh) when I squeeze the 8
Ridin' up on ya point blank range (bang) piece of cake
It's that murda music for them coca movers (c'yeah)
Gangster's floatin' to us (c'yeah) they load they toasters to it (okay)
They shot D's, definiton of a drama boy (drama boys)
I'm ridin', out Expedition with the lima to it (ah ha)
And let me find out your strip is twerkin' (c'yeah)
You gon' end up a missin' person, I need the bricks for certain
Shot at ya Maybach Windows and rip they certain's (yeah)
Call up the funeral home now and get the hurses (get the hurses)
Been knew you niggas was bitches, ya'll need to get some purses
This for them trap stars actin' like ya'll rappers with them glass jaws

[Chorus]

[Verse 4: Heartlay]
Yeah, you said it's money, money, murda, murda
Yeah, they call me threats, I put that gat and straight, serve ya
Niggas talkin' burners, like they got the fuckin' nerve ta
Pussy, I will hurt ya, murk ya, broad day
Pop up like Bishop the Extiler, up in the hallway
I spit it, cause I live it, the difference is you all think
Dippin' from the destrict, movin' swiftly with this Pav-kay
Hit you in your biscuit, while you slippin' on a off day
Nigga this is Heartlay, c'yeah, the hottest to spit
But it's real like when your bitch made it burn when you piss
Nigga ill, I give 'em chills, when I burn 'em with this
I'm too hot with two glocks, I can earn 'em with digits
So much money to be made (made) dollars to be spent (spent)
C'yeah, niggas try to dig my grave, holla when you catch
Every fuckin' slug nigga, shoot you in your mug nigga
Cops want me locked down, inditement as a drug dealer
They said I popped them shots cause I'm a thug nigga
The truth I'll pop them glocks 'cause I don't love niggas

[Chorus][Chorus]
Came in the game as a young'n
Signed with Cash Money, pocket fulla money
Niggas pop shit, always talkin' 'bout somethin'
See ya' ass in public, it's a whole 'nother subject
Man they just talk about it, they just talkin bout it
And I'm on the streets with it, I'm on the streets with it
See where I come from you got to be about it
And if you want it want it, we come and see about it

[Verse 1]
Okay, uhh
It's Weezy baby like the last shit
A big car and a bad bitch, uhh
I'm so fly, I need my ass kicked
These niggas ballin' by accident, uhh
Keep talkin' nigga fuck up your body
Singin hormon' til' your mournin', was a accident, uhh
Haha, I'm a G til the casket drop on my glasses, uhh
Fast money, I'm the fastest
I got that hustler's passion ya know
Them boys back in the ass in
I'm at the bank tryin' to cash in
Okay
 
[Chorus]
 
[Verse 2]
Okay it's been a murder, bitch I make a killin'
Insurance papers and the safe money in the ceilin', uh
I got a pillow case full of pistols
Come thru a nigga house and aim at the pillows, uh
Yeah, wake up, wake up, fuckin' with them boys
You gon' wake up taped up, ya dig
Now go drink that lake up stick 'em in the trunk
And let them feel that bass pump, haha
These niggas is nuts that man that M-14 leave you physicially fucked
Haha these niggas is ducks well you can call me Scrooge
Cause I'm swimmin' in bucks, bitch

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Yeah okay, yeah, yeah
Too hot, to cold, uh, I'm red hot, blue cold
I'll knock your melon out your fruit bowl
All my guns black, I got true soul, yeah
And the Coma Coupa black panther bla, bla, bla
Thats the gat anthem and if a nigga play with family for that matter
I'm a smoke so many niggas I'm a catch cancer, c'yeah
And if I step up out this Benz'o, you know
I'm comin' with a gun like a Nintendo, they soft
Them niggas fallin' when the wind blow
Then I'm rollin' up my window, fuck 'em

[Chorus][Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Wizzle F. Baby bitch! Yeah
Boys in the motherfuckin' Hood guess who? yeah you already
(Yeah ye ye ye-yeah) I save ya (haha) already yeah
I'm hearin' niggas nag me shorty (haha, yeah, yeah boy) come on

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Big money heavyweight, it's what the streets call him (yeah)
Young stunna in this bitch like she ridin' on me (yeah)
Hidin from nothin', runnin' from nobody (uh uh)
Boy I told somethin' about the size of your whole body (yeah haha)
Niggas get confronted just as soon it's a no bottom (yeah haha)
Stick 'em in the oven make cinnamon rolls out of 'em (ow)
Sweet ass nigga, you smell like my girl pussy (haha)
I'm aimin' bitch nigga, I ain't lookin' (uh)
And I'm namin' bitch niggas like the cookie (come on)
I'll knock out your teeth, with the back of the heat (UH)
Meat, all over the street, how neat?
If I was starvin' motherfucker, i'll eat, (what) beef (yeah)
Ya'll know me nigga show me to that treasure (yeah)
See that metal on your tongue, (yeah) better answer every question
Wheres it at bitch niggas say somethin' and i'll kill ya
You never met a killa, til' he kill ya, ya dig shorty

[Chorus: T.I.]
Ha all that matters is what your doin' nigga not what your say
Niggas bullshit everyday (alright) but it stop in the A (yeah)
Catch me on the east side with a glock and some yay (hay hay hay )
Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A (oh)
I say its on in the inside man them choopers'll spray
Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A
Cause me and Block on the block with a block of the K (hay hay hay)
Niggas bullshit everyday but it stop in the A

[Verse 2: Duke]
Yeah
See I hit the blocks off the top within a minute
It dont take long for me to go private to lieutenant
If I said it I meant it and no offenses gettin' ended (naw)
No east talk the beef ain't gettin' dead til' I end it
I set up rat traps for niggas that like to teel tap
Sunday mornin' get the word (yep) but I'm still strapped
Roll the dice with me please believe boy you will crap
Get folded up and tucked the way just like a road map (road map)
Yeah life is hard just play your card
Thats why roll with god and disregard them broads (disregard them broads)
Keep servin' that hard never spend a rod
This is real shit baby this is not a fesode (not a fesode)
Dont get it confused lot a niggas is fraud
Get a background check nigga that's why I'm pullin' your card (pullin your card)
And I might play with that boy So sometimes I'm 'noyd
I might flip and bury you boys in the back of the yard
 
[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Jody Breeze]
Yeah well I was taught to do what I do
That's why I do what I do
And I ain't talkin' shit but shorty try me see what I do (boys n da hood)
I'm from the bottom of the problem with niggas 
It's too many y'all niggas got too many problems with us niggas (problem with niggas)
I shoot first I not a follower nigga (follower nigga)
Smoke dro all day, I got a problem with memory
If you niggas got a problem then try me when you see me (try me)
Cause I ain't hard to find you niggas see me (here I go)
Dumped off in the cut all to my lonesome (yep)
Went to one of you punks to front for a whoresome (go 'head)
Actin' all tough like your nuts wanna brawl some (go 'head)
I'm a go get the pump and front like you owe me somethin' (pow)
You niggas still rainchecks your ass can't cash yet (ah ha)
Your bitch gave me head now you wanna ski mask sick (nigga)
Crack rock bagged up pounds of seran wrapped (yep)
In zip lock bags fulla cash and then it's addin' up
I got gorillas gone mad wanna mass up (yep)
Askin' where the ice where the yay where the cash at (yeah)
So y'all niggas better hush shut your ass up
The deuce deuce tray dont play shoot your ass up

[Chorus][Intro: Birdman]
Already, know what I'm sayin
This Birdman and this is how its goin down
The lil' young'n, Yo Gotti I certified the nigga
stamped to approve you feel me and the J.R.
I see like niggas must be..
They got us fucked up, they got us fucked up
They got us fucked up, we been movin birds bitch
They got us fucked up, they got ya fucked up
They get ya fucked up, we been movin birds bitch (yeah)
 
[Chorus part one: Birdman]
Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks
ball-ballers of dope, and ounces and shit
Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks
ball-ballers of dope, and ounces and shit (I got em)
 
[Chorus part two: Yo Gotti]
Get what they lookin for, keep what they lookin for
All they got to do is tell me is what they lookin for
Make dope, make dope, make dope
Make dope, make dope, make dope,
Make dope, make dope, (I-I-I got em)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Alright, yeah
Money to be made, best believe a nigga got it
I run it myself, like a quarter back option
I pitch ya ten g's, tell a bitch to go shoppin
She buys ha' self some clothes and she brought me back a chopper
See nigga try to cook it, but know I dont play sucker
I'm all about my cake, I'm tryin to marry Betty Crocker
A package on the way, you know my whip game proper
Ya know for one ki, I see seven thousand dollars
Now I will shoot dice, smokin on a joint
I bet with Yo Gotti, he hit five straight points
We over here hustlin, we over here grindin
We rap about money, and a nigga might sign ya
Rap about me, and a nigga might find ya
Banana in ya ass, its what you hear right behind ya
Dope game bitch, let his momma where I bought em
You can holla at me, a feat

[Chorus part one: Birdman]
Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks
ball-ballers of dope, and ou-ounces and shit
Quarters and halves, chick-chickens and bricks
ball-ballers of dope, and ou-ounces and shit (I got em)
 
[Chorus part two: Yo Gotti]
Get what they lookin for, keep what they lookin for
All they got to do is tell me is what they lookin for
Make dope, make dope, make dope
Make dope, make dope, make dope, I'm the dope nigga 
Make dope, make dope, (I-I-I got em)

[Verse 2: Yo Gotti]
Another bird man with the bird land got a twenty piece
Gotti know charge to Memphis twenty-two a piece
Now I'm in the kitchen with a beacon and a brillo loaf
Low key and the 'rillo with them things in the fillers
Yeah I'm goin ten grand, January to December
but theres no winter, summer, gatty lookin lookin like the wimblems
I'm goin back to Cali', I got to get the light green
Mexico Valley, you know they got them pan trees
eighteen rillas, now I'm on ateen
On my way to Memphis, I got to get my Hasseen
I come from the north of gangstas
Cold clap bitch niggas, dont ? hustlas
Go shine, everybody say they trippin
but most of these niggas laugh
I told you to tell stunna away from my town
You can rock it and pop it click clack I shot em
Chopper bullets brrrroooww I GOT EM

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Yeah, yeah,
Back where I started on my set and black
Hopped out the passenger side of my back
Under my nuts was two ounces of crack
But in my palm I had that chromed out Mac
Shinin on them bitches cause nigga I'm 'bout that
Flip a quarter bird, and score a whole sack
Pull up to the club in the old school 'Lac
With a bitch ridin fly, So high you love that
Its grind time nigga been about that
We flippin birds, let them hoes blow the sacks
We livin large with the garbage bag fat
Want the money and the power, real niggas gon' stack
And ride fly, twenty-fives on the back
Plushed out nigga, keep a few stacks
Out the hood, bout money and ask that
And if you ever cross the line, best believe we get ready
 
[Chorus]

[Outro: Birdman]
Yeah ya understand me nigga
We the motherfuckin stunnas nigga
Young Money, Cash Money nigga
Yo Gotti what it do stunna nigga
Feel me thats how its goin down
We puttin it down
Money, money, money,
Get it, money, get it, 100, ya heard me
Thats how its goin down nigga, yeah[Lil Wayne]
Yessir, they can't stop me...
Even if they stopped me ha ha ha... yahh

I'm on it, oooh I'm on it
I'm so on it and however you on it
You can get it tonight ho, and all night ho
I took the beat from *Maestro* uh fucking right ho
I might go crazy on these niggas I don't give motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up
What, what, I don't give a motherfuck
Get your baby kidnapped then your baby motherfucked
It's the Carter III bitch better put your supper up
Hollygrove I throw it up like I'm tryna lose my gut
Fuck is up? Beat 'em up like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it shit
Get on my level you can't get on my level
You will need a space shuttle or a ladder thus forever
However I'm better if not now then never
Don't you ever fix your lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick bitch
Swallow my words, taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
Two more inches I'da been in that casket
According to the doctor I could've died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches like Magic
Abracadabra I'm up like Viagra
I should do this shit for my +click+ like +Adam Sandler+
I control hip hop and I'ma keep it on my channel
Watch me, bitch watch me, bitch watch me
But they cannot see me like Hitler
It's the New Orleans nightmare
Money so old, it's growing white hair
Young Money baby yeah we right here
I'ma make sure we ball 'til we fall like tears
And Momma don't cry your son can handle his
I got her out the hood, and put up in the hills
Yeah, when I was 14 I told my Mom we would see better days
And sure enough I got Ms. Cita in a better place
When I was 14 I told my Mom we would see better days
And sure enough we did exactly what I say
I tell my girl when you fuck me better fuck me good
'Cause if another girl could she gon fuck me good
No sitting at table if you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart, Scott fresh out the ESPN shop
And when Sportscenter poppin e'rthing stopping
But you can't fool me I know what you watching
ME you watch ME, you watch ME
'Cause I BE Weezy
Must see TV, C3
Nigga that's ME and I'm ME
I'm ME times three
So retreat or suffer defeat
I'm back 3 Peat
C3![Intro - Lil Wayne]
I feel big, ya know what I mean
Like not, not big in the sense of weight
You know what I mean like gaining weight
Or, nothin' like that, like, COLOSSAL
Know what I mean like, uhhh (sigh)
I heard you were lookin' for me?

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hello
(Tell me where have you been?) Eheh, You know
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) I know, eheh
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hey, Hello
(Tell me where have you been?) Shitt, you know
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) Hahaha

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Yeah
To you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Chuuch!" I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a Coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer then Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryna see the roof
Didn't wear a buttletproof, so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do? But I'ma leave it to
God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O and even U
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter then the Sun
Got Spring hatin' on me cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me cause I'm colder than ya'll
And I would never, I would never, I would never fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck ya'll who hatin' for no reason

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world and I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! Hah!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'! Ha

[Verse 2 - Lil Wayne]
Yeah
I been in and out the bank bitch
While ya'll asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush 'em, and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear "Wayne Quit!"
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, We up!
Feet up like a, Parap-liguck
Or, paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red and yellow thing, old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from Colli' Park, but I'm from Holleygrove
Now all my bloods scream "Zoowoo! and Dadda-do!"
I know my role, and I play it well
And I wear it well, on my libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy leave it there
I don't want it, I don't even care

[Chorus - Jay-Z]
Young!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'!
(Hey Mr. Carter) I am him!
(Tell me where have you been?) Around the world now I'm back again!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Who's been askin' 'bout me?
They've been wondering why?) Incase ya wonder-erin'!

[Verse 3 - Jay-Z]
Shyea
I'm right here, in my chair
With my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share
Mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther
Go further, go harder
Is that not why we came?
And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy ta Murcilagos
Far from being the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the Martyrs
The Biggie's and the Pac's, and the Marley's and the Marcus'
Garvey, got me a molotov cocktail
Flow, even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The Dopebwoyy just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, where guys just, stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right, plural
I took so much change from this Rap game it's your go
Young!

(Hey Mr. Carter)

[Verse 4 - Lil Wayne]
It's my go, yeah
And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector
Camacho Man Randy Savage
Above status, quo, flow, so, pro
I know, I ride slow and when I pass
They say "Whaddup killa man?" Stop bringing up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy baby!

[Chorus - Lil Wayne]
(Hey Mr. Carter) Amen
(Tell me where have you been?) Yeah
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching)
They've been wondering why?) Haha
(Hey Mr. Carter) Amen
(Tell me where have you been?) Hova!
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Weezy
They've been wondering why?) Baby!
(Choir - Fade to finish)
(Hey Mr. Carter) Hahaha
(Tell me where have you been?) I been hustlin'
(Cause they've been asking, they've been searching) Hustlin' hard
They've been wondering why?) Chyeaa

[Outro - Lil Wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this earth
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in this dirt
And you can try me fucker, but when I squeeze it hurt
Ahh, we'll lose two lives, yours and mine
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve
At the Funeral Parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Miss Carter grieve...[Background: A Milli, A Milli, A Milli]
Young Money!!!!!
PD, yea, Mack I'm Gonna

[Verse 1]
A millionaire
I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a veneareal disease, like a menstrual I bleed
Threw the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet of my mind 
Cuz I don't write shit cuz I ain't got time
Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of the ch ch ch ch chopper
Sister, Brother, Son, Daughter, Father Motherfuck a copper
Got the mazzerati dancin on the bridge pussy poppin
Tell the coppers hahahaha you can't catch him you can't stop him
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat em then you pop em
You can't man em then you mop em
You can't stand em then you drop em
You drop em cuz we pop em like Orville Redenbacher
I'm ill!!!!!

[Verse 2]
A million here a million there
Sicilian bitch wit long hair with coke in her derierre
Like smoke in the thinnest air I open that Lambourgini
Hopin them crackers see me like look at that bastard Weezy
He's a beast he's a dog he's muthafuckin problem
Ok you're a goon but what's a goon to a goblin
Nothin nothin you ain't scarin nothin
On some faggot bullshit call him Dennis Rodman
Call what you want bitch call me on my Sidekick
I won't answer if it's private damn I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch?
Yea I ate a shy bitch an she ain't shy no more
She ain't shy no more she changed her name to my bitch
Yea nigga that's my bitch
So when she ask for the money when you through don't be surprised bitch
An I ain't trickin if you got it
But you like a bitch wit no ass you ain't got shit
Muthafucka I'm ill not sick
An I'm ok but my watch sick
Yea my drop sick
An my glock sick
An my knot thick
I'm it
Muthafucka I'm ill

[Verse 3]
They say I'm rappin like BIG, Jay an Tupac
Andre 3000 where is Erykah Badu at
Who dat
Who dat said they gon beat Lil Wayne
My name ain't BIC but I keep that flame mane
Who dat wanna do dat boy you knew that chew that swallow
An I be the shit now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
An I'd rather be pushin flowers than to be in the pen sharin showers
Tony told us this world was ours
An the Bible told us baby girl was sour
Don't play in the garden an don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy I got so many bitches like I'm Mike Lowry
Even Gwen Stefani say she couldn't doubt me
Muthafucka I say life ain't shit without me
Chrome lips pokin out the coupe look like it's poutin
I do what I do an you do wat you can do about it
Bitch I can turn a crack rock into a mountain
Dare me
Don't you compare me cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me I'm illi
C3...3 Peat[Chorus: Babyface]
I'm not saying this to shame you or sing
I'm just saying this to wake you up saying
It's all good when we're making love
All I'm asking is don't take our love
For granted, 'cause granted my love for you is real (ooohh)
If you don't love me, somebody else will
Babygirl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable (comfortable)

[Lil Wayne]
To the left, to the left
If you wanna leave, be my guest you can step
Feeling +Irreplaceable+ listening to +Beyonc+
Well okay I put you out on your +B'Day+
Hey, now if you rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank baby we safe
I got game like EA
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like souffl
Don't I look at you like I see a new day
And don't I do what I do say
I'm through talking so I'ma let you 'face
And let 'ye do ''ye

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, let me catch my breath
Talking 'bout leaving, and you ain't gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And I'ma send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, you leaving the best
So you will have to settle for less
And I am no Elliott Ness
I don't handcuff, I don't arrest
I do confess to the bird seed
'Cause under the sheets I am a mess
Yes, baby you're blessed
Now just don't jump your nest, come on

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's no sweat, no sweat
I would never 1, 2, 3, 4-get about
You, your love, your sex
You know I work you out like Roflex
Hehe, I jokes no stress
Love, live life, proceed, progress
Make sure the neighbours get no rest
We can get together never disconnect
Yeah, yo' back yo' neck
Funny how that song hasn't got old yet
To us, so let's project
You stay in, never incorrect 'face

[Chorus][Intro: Dr]
This is, this is, this is, this is
We are not the same I am a martian
We are not the same I am a martian

[Female voice talking]
Greetings from planet Weezy, we will begin transmission in
5, 4, 3, 2, 1

[Chorus: Dr & Lil Wayne]
PHONE HOME, WEEZY
PHONE HOME, WEEZY
PHONE HOME, WEEZY
PHONE HOME, WEEZY
And if you feel like the best, go 'head and do the Wezzy we and
PHONE HOME, WEEZY 
PHONE HOME, WEEZY

[Lil Wayne]
We are not the same I am a martian
And I'm hotter than summer rain like Carl Thomas
Lock, load, ready to aim at any target
I could get your brains for a bargain
Like I bought it from target
Hip hop is my supermarket
Shopping cart full of fake hip hop artists
I'm starving, sorry I gotta eat all it
And I'll be back in the morning

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
We are not the same I am a alien
Like Gonzales, young college student who done
Just flipped the game like Houston, I'm used to
Promethazine in two cups I'm screwed up
And you ain't shit if you ain't never been screwed up
Flow so sick make you wanna throw your food up
Ice water chest, and my wrist like a cool cup
Two twin clippers, I give your ass a crew cut
I get bread like cold cuts you know what?
Your girl go down fast, come up slow, but I never slow up
Weezy

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
They don't make 'em like me no more
Matter fact, they never made it like me before
I'm rare like Mr. Clean with hair
No break lights on my car rear
I never hade life, and I never had fear
I rap like I done died and gone to heaven I swear
And yeah I'm a bear like black and white hair
So I'm polar
And they can't get on my system 'cause my system is the solar
I am so far from the outhers, I mean others
I could eat them for supper, get in my spaceship and hover, hover

[Chorus][Robin Thicke talking]
We are at war with the universe, the sky is falling
And the only thing that can save us now
Is sensitivity and compassion

[Singing]
Daa da da, da da da daa da da
Daa da da, da da da daa da da

[Talking]
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Some say tragedy's hard to get over
But sometimes that tragedy means it's over
Soldier, from the academy league of rollers
I deny being down though they seem to hold us
My, shoulders are strong I prove 'em wrong
I ain't doing nothing but moving on
Let the truth be known
But they talked that freedom at us
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn

[Robin Thicke]
I work at the corner store
We all got problems, problems
No one's gonna fly down low
No one's gonna save us now 
How you feel you're not alone
We're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more
We just can't overcome, no

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad?
What is my destiny?
You tie my hands what I am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad?
What am I gonna be?

[Lil Wayne]
I, knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around the lucks all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong ask me what's right
And I'ma tell you what's life, and did you know?
I lost everything, but I ain't the only the one
First came the hurricane, then the morning sun
Excuse me if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They try tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city underwater, some people still floatin'
And they wonder why black people still voting
'Cause your president still choking
Take away the football team, the basketball team
And all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer

[Robin Thicke]
These friends they come and go
But I got family, family
These kids so fast they grow
They learn so quickly now
That there's nowhere to go
That there's no future, future
Don't make this here so low
And we can't overcome, no

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
And if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe baby God's got a blessing to spare
Yes I know the process is so much stress
But it's the progress that feels the best
'Cause I came from the projects straight to success and you're next
So try they can't steal your pride it's inside
Then find it and keep on grinding
'Cause in every dark cloud there's a silver lining
I know...

[Lil Wayne talking outro]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
See right now we just riding on love
A shot in the dark
We ain't tryin to do nothing but hit the heart
We need love
That's all y'all, that's all

[Chorus]x2

Yeah, Born right here in the USA
But, due to tragedy looked on by the whole world as a refugee
So accept my emotion
Do not take it as an offensive gesture
It's just the epitome of my soul
And I must be me
We got spirit y'all, we got spirit
We got soul y'all, we got soul
They don't want us to see, but we already knowHey...
Hey... Yeah
Hey... Yeah
Hey, Hey, Hey
(Valentino) Woo, Woo, Wooo... (Yeah, Yeahh)... Yea, Yea, Yeaa
(Yeah, Yeahh) Woo, Woo, Wooo... (Yeah)... Yea, Yea, Yeaa
(Yeahh) Woo, Woo, Wooo... Yea, Yea, Yeaa
(Yeah) Woo, Woo, (Yeahh) Wooo... Bobby Valentino

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya (Yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (Chea)
We can see the sunrise before us (Yeah)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
(She know what I mean) I make it say...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Wee)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Wee)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
(Like a cop car)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Hey)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Hahaha)...
I'll make ya say...

[Lil Wayne]
(Yeahh)... Doin a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop
Ha Ha... she got me thinking I can date a cop
Ha Ha... cause her uniform pants are so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in nah car, she cut off all the lights
She said I had the right to remain silent
Now I got her hollering sounding like a siren
Talkin' bout...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea)
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know it from the street
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talkin' bout...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yea)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee... (Yea)

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us (Yeahh)
We can see the sunrise before us (Umm)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yeah)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
(Like a cop car)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yeah)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Heey)...
I'll make ya say...

[Lil Wayne]
Ha Ha... And after we got done
I said lady what's ya number she said 911
Haaa... emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeahh... and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs & heels
And I beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby yeah I beat it like a cop
Ha Haaa... beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said beat it like a cop
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time but her love is timeless
... Mrs. Officer...
I know you wish ya name was Mrs. Carter huh?
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee (Yeah)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee, Like a cop car...

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee

Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee...
I'll make ya say...

[Bobby Valentino]
Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm kid kid... my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big I catch a battery to hold ya
My hands so big you thought I told ya to pull it over
She pulled me over... pulled me out the rover
Then she pulled me closer... do me in the back of the car
Put me in handcuffs start ripping my pants off
(all you heard on the dispatcher was...)
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say...

[Bobby Valentino]
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift...
Cause it's on... tonight...
Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast & head
And I can't wait to get it on...
Wanna do it all night long... Mrs. Officer

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
...
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee
Wee Ooh Wee Ooh Wee...
I'll make you say...Straight off the block with it
Eagle street to be specific
I'm peepin at your people different
I'm pay my dues you keep the difference
I can see the end and the beginning
So I'm not racing I'm just sprintin
Cause I don't wanna finish
They diminish I replenish
Scientific
I'm out this world hoe
I wear bright red like a girl toe
No homo, fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since 12:30 A-M
Weigh them if they short take them right back and spray him amen, yea
I just do my Wayne and every time I do it I do my thing, yea
Believe that like a true story
Rims big make the car look like it's two stories
If I hop out - that be suicide
No back seats call that paralyze
I don't have a spine I don't fantasize
I mastermind then go after mine
You see I handle mine I dismantle mine
I told her tool box bitch it's hammertime
So excuse me as I nail em to something
Just repeal em I'm kill em
Someone tell em that I'm a kill em
I'm a feel his mother's mama can't tell em when doctors can't heal em, I'm a kill em
And we sell em I know you smell him
So if you want it you could just yell it
Be in the morning at your tele
Hole keys go for twenty, half a key go for eleven, after me there will be nothing
I am legend and I will smith
Now that's how ya let the beat bitch

[Chorus: repeat 3X]
Now that how you let the beat build bitch

Just a snar in the 8 0 8
Weezy baby on the mic hear away
Ok I'd like to thank kanye and my nigga dezzle
for giving me this diesel like a F-350 tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Usta think my shit didn't stink boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone
I'm take it one two way back
Like a silver wife beater and a wave cap all the way through
The blue bayou and I wave fool as I blew by you
Hello hi you I can buy you but I wouldn't try you feed you to piru
I know wat I'm doin I show improvement, show improvement
and I know just to go thru it don't amount to your influent, whatever
How you wanna do it? we can do it like we late ah wait dezzle let me get the 8 o 8
As I hit the kill switch
Now thats how you let the beat build bitch

[Chorus]

Now everybody say...
I am the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive; think I'm lyin?
Damn I'ma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm
Like a fuckin ram on the hunt for lamb
I'm a dump 'em man in a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier ask Uncle Sam, hair nappy like Kam
Nigga fuck your plan, fuck yo' man, you ain't a pimp
unless you get the same bitch to fuck your man
and fuck your plan, and all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh god damn there's my sound, po-play likes it's my band
Gotta get it cleared suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos
I meant every tear and I'm still on that street shit back to the beat bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build bitch

[Chorus][Intro: Lil Wayne] + [Static Major]
Uh huh, No homo, Young Moolah baby
I said he so sweet, make her wanna lick the rapper
So I let her lick the rapper
[She lick me like a lollipop - 4X]

[Chorus 2X: Static Major]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch her lovely lady lumps

[Lil Wayne]
Okay, lil mama had a swag like mine
She even wear her hair down her back like mine
I make her feel right when it's wrong like lying
Man, she ain't never had a move like mine
But man, I ain't never seen an ass like hers
That pussy in my mouth had me lost for words
So I told her to back it up like burp, burp
And made that ass jump like jerp, jerp
And that's when she

[Pre-Chorus: Static Major]
She lick me like a lollipop - 4X

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Now after you back it up and stop
Drop it shawty, drop it like its hot
Ooh, drop it like its hot
Do it shawty, don't stop
Shawty say the nigga that she wit ain't shit
Shawty say the nigga that she wit ain't this
Shawty say the nigga that she wit can't hit
But shawty, I'ma hit it hit it like I can't miss
And he can't do this, and he don't do that
Shawty need a refund, need to bring that nigga back
Just like a refund, I make her bring that ass back
And she bring that ass back cause I like that

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
She wanna lick lick lick lick me like a lollipop - 2X
Shawty wanna lick me
So I let her lick the rapper

[Chorus]

[Static Major - 4X]
Call me so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me so I can get it juicy for ya

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I get her on top, she drop it like it's hot
And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham
The middle of the bed, I'm givin, getting head
I'm givin, getting head, I'm givin, getting head
I said, I like that - 3X
Ooohh
Call me so I can come and do it for ya
Call me so I can come and prove it for ya
Call me so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me so I can get it juicy for ya

[Outro: Lil Wayne] + [Static Major]
Shawty wanna lick me [like a lollipop]
Hahah [lick me like a lollipop]
[She lick me like a lollipop, lollipop]
Say he so sweet, make you wanna lick the rapper
So I let her lick the rapperDa... Da... Da... David... Banner

La, la la la, la, la la la la [x4]

[Lil Wayne]
(Uh!) Sittin' in a Caddy, bright like Batty
Floatin' up the aisle like a bride and her Daddy
Hip-hop addict, hip-hop at it
Man I swear I'm on top like the attic
He'll be choppy with my dog like Shaggy
And we stay clean when but get dirty like Harry
Flyer than blue birds, cardinals and canaries
Fuck me, I'm all about weed like Paris
Hilton presidential suite already
I'm richer than Nicole and I'm a Lion like her Daddy
I am hotter than the Sunday after Saturday
I swear I'm a savage like Lil Webbie and Randy
Oscar De La Hoya, box ya like a casket
Or Diego Coralles, nigga keep jabbin'
See my style it varies, like drugs in an alley
My leather so soft my paint prettier than Halley
Wittier than comedy, nigga write a parody
But I ain't tellin' jokes... apparently
Apparently, yeah my daughter be the twinkle of my eye
You hurt her you kill me and nigga I ain't 'bout to die
See y'all are at ground, and my daughter is my sky
I swear I look in her face and I just want to break out and fly
four tears in my face and you ain't never heard me cry
I'm richer than all y'all I got a bank full of pride

[Chorus]
Ow, started out hustlin', ended up ballin'
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilette
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin', ended up ballin'
Started out hustlin', ended up ballin' [x2]
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilette

[Brisco]
My paint bubbleish, the motor so vicious
The rims the same color as the wrapper of a kisses; Hersey's
I'm hyper, thumpin like a piston
And when I'm in Detroit I be ballin' like a Piston
Boy and did I mention I'm fly like a pigeon
Higher than gas prices, you Las Vegas trickin
I'm nine under par in a Bentley golf cart
The Polo be cream but the Prada's caviar (yeah!)
Weezy I'm sick from all this tourin'
You told me (sip this,) then call me in the morning (yeah)
And I vow I never trust another woman ('nother woman)
In my life, and then I got horny (ah hah)

[Chorus]

[Busta Rhymes]
See I ain't goin' no where bitch
You know a nigga been home honey
Money fuckin' retarded, called the down syndrome money
My case sick shit, they diagnose sickle cell brain
The revenue stream got a disease like a jail bed
Like a mattress from Sing-Sing or way down to Comstock
These bitches call me bling king I shit when the bomb drop
And sprinkle down into all the niggas flawless in D-Class
Then twinkle like a shine, just like a sparkle from clean Glass
They movin' on a nigga as I'm walkin' the valley, ready?
And Zulu with the cameras like I'm diggin' down Halle Berry
My money help me do things that you nigga's can't believe
Like purchase personal plates on sort of things that you can't conceive
Like interactin' with women, on caliber of Janet
I sit and mater my vision and massacre the planet
I hope you nigga's know just what it is
While I'm countin' my paper niggas know I'm handlin' my biz

[Chorus]Album:The Carter III
Song:Playing With Fire
Typed by:ormcclyde@bsu.edu

So you've got so many diamonds
You wear all the finest clothes
And your grill is shining (shining, shining)
As you're drivin down the streets of gold
But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire!
(Heh!)
Momma always told me I was crazy
And my ho's say I'm amazing but I don't listen to a lady
But the bitch say I'm hot, and I say no bitch I'm blazin
Like, what the fuck you expect I'm a motherfuckin Cajun
And I feel caged in my mind, it's like my flow doin time
I goes crazy inside, but when it comes out it's fine
Like wine, wait, watch
See I get better with time like a watch
Osh B'Gosh, Posh Spice husband couldn't kick it like I kick it, bitch
I "'Kix" it, no cereal like a landing and I sticks it
Wherever she asks me, after she licks it
That's too explicit, but why you listenin
I smell smoke and somethins sizzlin
That's her pussy, so hey pussy, play wit pussy or play pussy
But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire!
(Eh, heh)
They say you're nobody 'til somebody kills you
But where I'm from you're nobody til you kill somebody
And you know what they say
When you're great it's not murder it's assassinate
So assassinate me, bitch
Cause I'm doing the same shit Martin Luther King did
Checkin in the same hotel in the same suite bitch same balcony
Like assassinate me bitch
Swim to him, cheay
I don't rap, I film movies, with my rap
You can call me Mr. Directors chair
Yeah, and that's a wrap
Cut on to the next
Not the next scene, bitch the next check
Some say the X, makes the sex 'spect's
So play wit the pussy or play pussy
So you got so many diamonds (hey pussy, lay pussy)
You wear all the finest clothes (do or die say pussy and I say)
And your grill is shining (I say, lay pussy, lay pussy, lay pussy)
As you're drivin down the streets of gold (hey pussy)
But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire! (hey pussy)
(Don't play pussy!)
(Get em!)
Straight off the corner of Apple and Eagle
Brave Heart bitch like the Times I'm medieval
Married to the game, divorced the Cathedral
Standin' on the corner selling porcelean to people
Forced into evil, it's all in your head
It's all so cerebral, call me Knievel
You follow when I lead you
Straight to the needle
The bottles, the battle, the beetles'll eat you
Momma named Cita, I love you Cita
Member when your pussy second husband tried to beat you?
Remember when I went into the kitchen got the cleaver
He ain't give a fuck, I ain't give a fuck neither
He could see the devil, see the devil in my features
You could smell the ether, you can see Cita
You can see the Cita, see the Cita in my features
And she don't play neither
But you, can't, blame, me, if I set this stage on fire!
C3, 3Peat![Nina Simone sample]
Baby understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel
When everything goes wrong, you see some bad
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood

[Lil Wayne]
Misunderstood ain't gotta be explained
But you don't understand me so let me explain
Stood in the heat, the flames, the snow
please slow down hurricane
The wind blow, my dreads swang
He had hair like wool, like Wayne
dropping ashes in the bible
I shake em out and they fall on the rifle
scary, hailmary no tale fairy
all real very, extraordinary
perry mason facing, the barrel if he tattle
my God is my judge, no gown no gavel
I'm a rebel, down to battle
now or never, I would never ???
fucking fantastic, fuck if you agree
but I don't give a fuck if you see me

[Nina Simone]
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood

[Lil Wayne]
What's understood ain't gotta be explained
so for those who understand meet Dwayne
for 8 and a half months I gave Ms. Cita pain
now it's young money baby, keep the change
my mama say fuck em and we the same
so hello motherfucker you got some sheets to change
and ain't it funny how people change like easter Sunday
you know church fit then outfit
bright pink and green chest look house lit
bright pinky rings but that ain't about this
what you bout bitch
excuse my French emotion in my passion
but I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
what are you asking, if I don't have the answer
it's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
but I know you don't understand, cuz you thought Lil Wayne is weezy
but weezy is DWayne

[Nina Simone]
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh lord please don't let me be misunderstood

[Outro]
I was watching t.v. the other day right
got this white guy up there talking about black guys
talking about how young black guys are targeted
targeted by who? America
you see one in every 100 Americans are locked up
one in every 9 black Americans are locked up
and see what the white guy was trying to stress was that
the money we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail
a young motherfucker to jail
would be less to send his or her young ass to college
see, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that
our jails are populated with drug dealers, you know crack/cocaine stuff like that
meaning due to the laws we have on crack/cocaine and regular cocaine
police are only, I don't want to say only right, but shit
only logic by riding around in the hood all day
and not in the suburbs
because crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood
and you know the other thing is mostly found in you know where I'm going
but why bring a motherfucker to jail if it's not gonna stand up in court
cuz this drug ain't that drug, you know level 3, level 4 drug, shit like that
I guess it's all a misunderstanding
I sit back and think, you know us young motherfuckers you know that 1 in 9
we probably only selling the crack cocaine because we in the hood
and it's not like in the suburbs, we don't have what you have
why? I really don't wanna know the answer
I guess we just misunderstood huh
you know we don't have room in the jail now
for the real motherfuckers, the real criminals
sex offenders, rapists serial killers
don't get scared, don't get scared
I know you saw one them sex offenders papers
don't trip he live right on the end of yo block
Mhm yea, that nigga live right down the street from you
sex offender on the level 3 drug
convicted ex-con
yea check em out
watch you got, you got a daughter, son, what you got?
haha yea, you know what
that's the good weed
you know what, I have a fucking daughter
you understand me and why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail
just because the reason why he live next door to me
ain't the reason I live next door to him
Meaning he didn't wrap his way to my fucking neighborhood
he sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood
you move him out bring him to jail for life
and then you move in with a sex offender
ahaha, hey give me a paper
ahaha is that a misunderstanding because I didn't understand it
another thing, let me take my glasses off
cause I wanna see the reaction on there faces when I say this
ha-ha, uh Mr. Al Sharpton
here is why I don't respect you and nobody like ya
see you're the type that gets off on getting on other people
that's not good, no homo
rather unhuman, I should say
I mean giving the fact that humanity were a good humanity
rather to me is helping one another
no matter your color or race
but this guy and people like him, they?d rather speculated before they inflamate
if that's a word, ha-hahaha you know spec before check
anyways meaning id much rather
you talk to me first and see if you can lend an opinion before you link one
just my thought of good humanity Mr. Sharpton
hold on I ain't finished with you man
na fuck that shit Mhm hold on, um
Mr. sharp ton and anyone like you, you don't know me
so if your not going to try to then what you say or think about me
are what ever I do is totally Casper the friendly ghost
to me and it doesn?t make you a good person to criticize before you improvise
doesn?t
necessarily make you a bad person either but the characteristics for
heavenly into bads way, ahaha but since I am human I am good and bad, as
well but I try my hardest to stay good
threes other things I do and say may be bad or just not to good
but I do try, so with that said I don't vote you, I mean your only human, good or bad
but I also don't respect you and I don't care if that's good or bad
you
see you are no MLK you are no Jesse Jackson, you are nobody, to me
your just another don king, with a perm, hahaha just a little more
political, and that just means you're a little unhuman
then use humans, and now let me be human and say
fuck Al Sharpton and anyone like him
fuck if you understand me
I love being misunderstood
haha why?
cause I live in the suburbs
but I come from the hood
Bring the hook in[Lil Wayne]
The hottest under the sun 
Ain't nobody fuckin' me man
Haha and you already know that pimpin' yeah
Cash Money records where dream's come true
Fuck up my dreams somebody gon' die tonight
And you already know that pimpin' 
Hay, it's Cash Money Records man a lawless game

[Verse 1]
Un fuckin believable, Lil Wayne's the president
Fuck em, fuck em, fuck em, even if they celibate
I know the game is crazy, it's more crazy, than it's ever been
I'm married to that crazy bitch, call me Kevin Federline
It's obvious, that he'll be Cash Money til' the death of him
The ground shall break, when they bury him (bury him)
I know one day they gotta bury him
Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in
Nigga it's just me and my guitar, yeah bitch, I'm heavy metaling
You can get the fuckin Led Zeppelin
Niggas is bitches, bitches, I think they full of estragine
Than we hold court and take your life for the settlement
Yeah, plus I'm the best and no I aint positive I'm definite
I know the game like I'm reffin it
This is the Carter, the Carter 3, The New Testament
And I'm the god and this is what I bless 'em with

[Hook]
Bitch I'm me, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you, you're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash money millionaire
I know that ain't fare, but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash money millionaire, bitch

[Verse 2]
Junior! It's Cash Money over everything
It's in my blood, I feel it running in every vein
I'm from the mud, i'am a missile like a scud
What's really good, I'm bout the Rawkus like Thud
And I stayed on my flow and Cash Money like a rug
Tied to the fuckin' Birdman like a Lug
And dear Mr. Ronald Williams to you
I shall forever give thanks like a pilgrim
Cash Money million..heir to the throne
Goin' at there heads, like hairs in a comb
Sitting by the window, I just stare at the stones
Know I might get through it like hair in a comb
Money over bitches, my niggas trust my senses
I will take it like desher as the lord as my witness
And you have all witnessed, but I am not finished
Keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Last year they had the grammy's, and left me in miami
Sleepin' on a nigga, like I'm rappin in my jammies
I'm rappin' when you sleep, I was rappin when you were in jammies
Mel Gibson flow, Lethal Weapon, book them Danny
I'm a monster I tell you, monster Wayne
I have just swallowed the key to the House Of Payne
Now I'm stuck here to deal with the houses pain
Fuck with me and I will peal, like the house's paint
Let's go, niggas don't know seamon cause I'm better in boat
The only time I will depend is when I'm 70 years old
That's when I can't my hold shit within, so I shit on myself
Cause I'm so sick of tired shittin' on everybody else
I'm tryin' to tell you like I'm sayin' somethin'
I'm from the dirty like the bottom of my pants cuff
And there nothin' gon' stop me, so just envy it
Hay? i'll except a friendly quit! haha

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
The hottest under the sun 
Ain't nobody fuckin' me man
And you already know that pimpin'
Cash Money records where dreams come true
Somebody gon' die tonight
And you already know that pimpin
Hay? It's Cash Money Records man a lawless game* first single; send corrections to the typist

(Verse 1)
STOP! hatin' on a nigga
That is a weak emotion
The lady of a nigga
And you can get tipped
Like you waitin on a nigga
Put in body bag and a apron on a nigga
I give my all behind the mic
But you can never see
If you sit behind the light
You don't have to pick me to win the title fight
But I'ma wear that championship belt so tight
And if I'm wrong there is no right
And if I'm wrong there is sno-white
I'm tryin to be polite
But you bitches in my hair
Like the fucking po-lice
My flow is rare
These other rappers nice
These other rappers bark
Some of em even bite
But I'm much more bright
I give the game sight
So before you dim the light
You just might might wanna...

(Verse 2)
STOP analyzing, criticizing
You should realize what I am
And start epitomizing
Confident, got the heart of the biggest lion
Confident like fuck em all
Pull out my dick and ride it
My flow sick so sick
Its like my shit is dying
It rains a lot in my city
Cuz my city's cryin
Cuz my city's dyin
But I emerge from all of that
I am a living poi-ne'er
ZION, fear god not them
Steer my robin coupe thru the streets
In the booth and SABOO
And then I leave a tub in the booth
I leave a bloodbath
Sorry there's a tub in the booth
Now, WHERE THE DRUGS AT?
Like the strings on a shoe, no nigga fuck that!
I'm twisted like the strings on a boot
WHERE NEW ORLEANS AT?
I feel hip hop stole me
Like a bus pass
So in your possession
I must ask...

(Verse 3)
Drag my name thru the mud
I come out clean
Castaway stones
I wont even blink
A gun is not a math problem
I wont even think
Just leave you dead
Like the mink under my sink
Don't believe in me
Don't believe me
I graduated from hungry
And made it to greedy
My flow is like pasta
Take it and eat it
But I'ma need cheese
If I'm baking a zede
You niggaz want beef?
I want a steak and a webe
Lost in Amsterdam
By Jamaica where we be
Hard body nigga takin it easy
All about my paper bout my paper like easy
Why do rappers? Why do rappers?
Lie to fans lot of rappers, lot of rappers
Lie like acting

(Talking)
Cut the motherfuckin' camera
Cut the check
Fuck ya props
I AM HIP HOP
And I ain't dead I'm alive[Hook]
Yeah, and we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush
Yeah, and we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh
Yeah, and we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush
Yeah, and we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh
Now how you like me now?

[Lil Wayne]
Got the Hog on 2-6
Press a button, watch the motherfucker do tricks
I don't know what you on but I'm on some new shit
While your bitch is on my dick like a glue stick
I got a grill, I don't have to get my tooth fixed
The tooth fairy would retire if I lose it
Straight out the clip is how I spit like an Uzi
You can't find me cause I'm lost in the music
I running this and I can jump the hurdles
I'm feeling like I'm racing a bunch of little turtles
Keep a bandana like the ninja turtles
I'm like a turtle when I sip the purple

[Hook]
And I smoke that kush... yeah, that kush
And I ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh
And we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush
And we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh
So how you like me now?

[Lil Wayne]
Buck 60 on the dash, I'ma do two
Captain Crush, these niggas is fruit loops
That's why your girl wanna fuck me and my group too
And I'ma make her back it up like "Joop, joop"
I'm the Birdman junior, I gotta do coups
I hop up out that motherfucker hollering "Soo whoot?"
Hollygrove 17, I'm from the zoo crew
You would think every animal in the zoo loose
*Fuck with me* I'm on that screw juice
But I keep my shit together, not a screw loose
Yeah... word to my Guc' boots
I'm higher than a new suit...

[Hook]
Cause we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush
And we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh
Yeah, and we smoke that kush... yeah, that kush
And we ball like swoosh... yeah, like swoosh
Now how you like me now?

[Lil Wayne]
Buck 40 on a ring that I don't really wear
But I bet it light up the night like the city fair
This shit ain't fair, I didn't have to go there
But all this ice got me feeling like a polar bear
I'm so aware, I'm so prepared
I'm so fly I'll take off into the open air
Lift off, Cristal
Please, crackers with cheese
Nigga please, we on J-E-T's
Like Curtis Martin in white and green
I'm lighting lightning, light the thing
Light the thing, no Reggie mayne

[Hook]
You know I smoke that kush...
And I ball like swoosh...
You know I smoke that kush...
And I ball like swoosh...
Now how you like me now?[Lil Wayne]
Thank you
I've been through it all
The fields, the falls, I'm like Niagra
But I got right back up like Viagra
I am agriculture, swagger's so mean it might insult ya
Hah, I'm like an ultra vulture
I fuck around and catapult ya
Torture! Thought ya, parents taught ya
You guys is cho-cha, I'm gone, buenas noches
Flow - scorcher, and I don't even write
No - author, so - harder, so - smarter
All about a dollar like fo' - quarters
Oh father, will tonight be my last?
And if so, make sure my kids see my cash
And I know, I'm silent like an album cast
And my future will be better than my past
Weezy!

[Hook]
You can love me or hate me
I swear it won't make me or break me
I'm going wherever the money take me
Until they funeral and wake me, and don't wake me
Cause I'm sleeping, I'm dreaming
I know that there's a better way cause I've seen it lord
But this faster money is so convenient
And I need it, say I need it

[Lil Wayne]
C-A-R-T-E-R
I spit movies like a VCR
I spit rounds like the Tiki bar
And if I got beef I'm the meat cleav-ah
And I are, the illest nigga Martin Luther King died for
And I ride for, Hollygrove 1-7, Eagle Street
And I'm higher than an eagle's feet, but I believe in me
Apple is the cross street, I am just an offspring
Born in the ghetto, that's why I can't let go
One call, I'll have my dogs on ya like an echo
Baby I am the real deal, no pickle
Uh, I spit single cell psycho
I go, off like a motherfucking rifle
And I'm from, the underground baby like a pipe hole
And I will stand tall like light poles until the light blows

[Hook]
And you can love me or hate me
Baby I swear it won't make me or break me
And I be going wherever the money take me
Until they funeral and wake me, and don't wake me
Cause I'm sleeping, and I'm dreaming
See I'm just hustling, living what I believe in dog
And it's a problem when a homie's not eating
And I'm greedy, I'm greedy

[Lil Wayne]
Share my blood, feed my family
My flow will have to plead insanity
So sick I need Grey's Anatomy
Acid like a bust open battery
I'm cool like L.A. nights
I'm tight like ballet tights
Eight twelves, I swear the other day I pissed Cristal
These bitches try to kick it like gentiles
I've got to watch my head in the battle
I'm just trying to stay ahead of my shadow
And I'm floating like a boat and a paddle
Alligators and rattlesnakes
But I promise I will take a nigga off like a Saturday
Got money to validate, I'm icy like carrot cake
Different coloured diamonds make me look like a salad plate
I'm straight out the alley, wait, it's the nigga ya daddy hate
Weezy F. Baby, great!

[Hook]
I know they love me then hate me
But I'm a G, it won't make me or break me
And you can find me wherever the money place me
Yeah, until your riding to the wake B, and don't wake me
Cause I'm sleeping, and I'm dreaming
And here my lord gotta come greet me dog
So I thank him everyday for my achievements
And I'm Weezy, I'm WeezyYeah, Yeah, OK

[Hook]
Came in the game as a young-un
Signed with Cash Money, pocket full of money
Niggas popping shit, always talking bout something
See ya ass in public, it's a whole 'nother subject
Man they just talking bout it, they just talking bout it
And I'm on the streets with it, I'm on the streets with it
See where I come from, you gotta be about it
And if you want it want it, we'll come and see about it

[Lil Wayne]
OK, uh
It's Weezy baby like the last shit
A big car and a bad bitch, uhhhh
I'm so fly, I need my ass kicked
These niggas balling by accident, uhhhh
Keep talking nigga, fuck up your body
Send ya homie to tell ya mom it was an accident, uhhhh
I'm a G till the casket
Drop all my glasses, uhhhh
Fast money, I'm the fastest
I got that hustler's passion, you know?
Dem boys back at the ass end
I'm at the bank trynna cash in, OK

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
OK
There's been a murder, bitch I make a killing
Insurance papers in the safe, money in the ceiling, huh
I got a pillowcase full of pistols
Come through a nigga house and aim at the pillows, huh
Yeah, wake up, wake up
Fucking with the boys, you could wake up taped up
Ya dig? Now go and drink that lake up
Stick him in the trunk and let him feel that bass pump
Hah, these niggas is nuts
Man that M-14 leave you physically fucked
Hah, these niggas is ducks
Well you could call me Scrooge cause I'm swimming in bucks
Bitch!

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
OK, yeah, yeah
Too hot, too cold
I'm, I'm red hot, blue cold, yeah
I knock ya melon out ya fruit bowl
All my guns black, I got truth sold, yeah
And I call my coup a black panther
"Blat, blat, blat" That's the gat anthem
And if a nigga play with family for that matter
I'ma smoke so many niggas I'ma catch cancer, yeah
And if I step up out this Benzo
You know I'm coming with a gun like a Nintendo
They soft, them niggas falling when the wind blow
Then I'm rolling up my window, fuck 'em!

[Hook]* iTunes bonus track

{All of the voices are in Auto-Toner a la T-Pain}

[Lil Wayne - Intro]
Uh-huh...No homo (Young Mula, baby...)
I say he so sweet, make her wanna lick the rapper...
Remix, baby!

[Kanye West]
Lollipop, lollipop
Breasts is just like Dolly Part-on
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot, 'til she ask
"How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take 'til she get to shop?"
Don't worry why my wrist got so freeze
Tell her, "Girl, like Doritos, that's +na-cho cheese+"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin to +Lay+
I cain't +only have one+ and I ain't tryin to wait"
This a song with Wayne, say you know it's gon' melt
Butchu ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'ma rap like I got some type of respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hunnid degrees, drop the roof, so the Coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold, chicken soup won't help
We need fo' mo' hoes, we need ohh-ohh-OH-OHHH!!
You know what it is when we're outta town
We ball in two seats, and you out of booooounds
So come here baby guuurrrrl
You now fuckin wit the best in the woooooooooooooooooorld...
Lollipop-pop...
The best in the woooo-oooOOOOOOOOOOOOORLD...
(Sh-sh-she lick me like a lollipop..)
(She-she lick me like a lollipop..)
Woooorld...woooorld...

[Chorus 2X: Static/Major]
Shawty want a thug, thug, thug...
Bottles in the club, club club...
Shawty wanna hump, you know I like to touch
your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps...

[Lil Wayne]
Shawty say she wanna lick the rapper..
and she gonna lick the rapper
And I just wanna act like a porno-flicking actor
I +Anita Bake+ her, now she caught up in that +Rapture+
I got so much chips, I swear they call me Hewlett Packard
I got so much chips, you can have a bag if you're a snacker
Greedy mutha-fudge cakes, now tell me how dat fudge taste
I do it for Bloods' sake, suu-woo think it's voodoo
How that roof do di-di-dissipate, your girl wants to participate
She so-so-sophisticate, 'cause her brain is off the chain
And then my diamonds are in the choir, because they sang from off my chain
And my Nina just joined the gang, because, all +she+ do is +bang+!
Like Ricky Martin; Wayne and Kanye - pick your poison
If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr. Ointment
Tell her to make an appointment with Mr. I-can't-make-an-appointment
Take my lollipop and enjoy it - remix!

[Chorus 2X w/ ad-libs]

[Lil Wayne]
Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie
in the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building
I flushed out the feeling of, me bein the shit
'cause I was leavin skid marks on, ev'rywhere I sit
I am everywhere, I'm it like, Hide-n-Go
and I can go anywhere, innie, minnie, miney, mo
I'm in yo', neighborhood area, CD thang, tape deck
iPod, ya gurlfriend and she say I got great sex
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
'cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text
Heh-heh, so wrap it up
Bu-bu-but, he's so sweet sh-she wanna lick the rapper

[Chorus]

(RE-RE-RE-REMIX, BA-BAY!!)

[Static/Major - Outro]
Lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...)
She-she lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...)
Sh-sh-she lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...)
She-she lick me like a lollipop...(lollipop...)[*echoes*]Yessir..
Um, I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
and hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you, girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, as long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings
Stay true for me and never lie to me
and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter..
Know what I mean.. yeah..
Well if you don't then I'll explain..

Listen
I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
and hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings
Stay true for me and never lie to me
and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever..
You know what I mean yeah
Well if you don't then I'll explain
You could be Mrs. Wayne
And we could do the damn thang
Had to tell my brother Maine I met a girl like you
And I ain't never met another girl like you
Cause I know what to do with a girl like you, I do

I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
and hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings
Stay true for me and never lie to me
and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever..
You know what I mean yeah
Well if you don't then I'll explain
See I'd give up the game
At the top of the arena there's a jersey with my name, baby
What's happening baby? What's happening baby?
I know you need to roll with a champion baby
And everytime I see you I get asthma baby
Like *inhales* that's my baby

I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
and hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak don't hide your feelings
Stay true for me and never lie to me
and don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever..
You know what I mean yeah
Uhh, yeah, uhh, yeah-uh, see cause
I ain't the kind that kiss and tell
But my man say that he really knows you well
But I don't care, I wanna know you for my damn self
Yeah, and even those thugs that say you scandalous
Swinging on the pole from one man to the next
I don't care what he say, no I don't care what he say
Because, they can say what they want baby
But the will never change my views
Cause they would never know you the way that I know you
And I'm trying to share to rest of my whole life with you
And if it gotta be a down, so be it baby
And if your friends can't understand
You don't need 'em baby
You don't need 'em baby
You don't need 'em baby
Don't need 'em
Guitar...

Now lemme hear you say "I love you baby"
Say "I love you baby" [repeat until fade]Tell it to my nine bitch!

*sample plays in background*
"You're the best thing yet.." --> Anita Baker

D-D-D-Diesel on the beat
Shhhhhut up bitch... let Anita speak!
I think on the remix of this song I'ma get uh, Common and Kanye
Yeah... ok yeah

Anything you can do I could do better
I avoid (??) and I'm still a church setter
Weezy just let em, just let em die
I got all the answers so they call me when why
What where who, you think you fly?
I'm up there too - you fly, I flew
I'm up there too
You know they say two, is better than one, ton
I'm, out there pimpin all the time
So keep your two cents before I give your ass a dime
Pistol on my waist gonna need a funeral and wait
Cause I'ma put that motherfucker dead in your face
R.I.P. I know my history
Run DMC but my girl is only worry bout one DMC
And I'm the shit like I-M-T-H-E-S-H-I-T, haha!

I do this! ..when I want to
Nah really I can't control it
Even if I didn't wanna do it
I would DO IT!! Hahahaha
Yeah..

Ready to battle anyone
I'ma go with God and a bag full of guns
Yeah I'm an animal hear me growl
You against me is like Man Vs. Wild
Me against you is like man versus child
Hehe and I am the man
It's Young Moolah, applaud my team
and we prefer red carpet if the floor's not clean
It's Mister, it's the microphone fiend
And they running with my words like I'm writing on jeans
Yeah, and if the lights could all scream
They'd sing my song, I like to be seen
I deserve to be heard if anything else
So I fear God and the world going deaf
Can you hear me now? Heh
Even the R&B vets tell me I'm the..

Scary!
Don't stop the beat Diesel
Cause I got the heat Diesel
Like diesel, yeah..

Heh I put it down like it's too heavy
But how can I with the world in my hands
Heaven in my plans
I swear I am important like the evidence I'm saying
I'm just trying to make my alphabets as heavy as I can
How do I live, whem I'm as deadly as I am?
I get props and every other extra credit that I can
Cause see, I respect the merit of a fan
No homo but please blow me to Japan
Okay I'm getting hotter I'ma need another fan
I keep going so here I go again
Always trying to be better than I am
Label me the best and in the throne I will stand
Why? Because I'm just a standup guy
Your hands supporting me cause I got your hands high
I'll probably be in the (??) Ja Rule when "I Cry"
You only know me but God knows I try
No x-ray show my insides
and I gotta stay in touch with my pimp side
So, tell your girl I said what's up.. I said hi..
She like that's what's up.. like the sky..
Byrd Gang taking off bitch watch em fly
And paint the sky red like the Crimson Tide
Flow retarded, Special Olympics kind
That gold medal heavy but it fit just fine
So, I just had to spit this rhyme
Spit like I'm trying to tongue kiss this rhyme
Some say greatness gets better with time
So I bought a zillion watches but don't watch mine
You little fucks are so i-ron-ical
Nickel plus fo' is a nine millimeter
No starch but I tote i-ron
All out in the open like I'm in I-ran
Young, champ-i-on, like a lamp I'm on
But um, I could clap and then lights off
Take no nights off but my days the same
And people change but fuck it nothing stays the same
And naw I ain't speaking so don't wave the blame
Lock me up but you could never cave the blame
Gasoline, can you invision if our gaze was flames
No you can not stop my vibe, couple page a game
Dang, a game? Yep, well gimme some baby flames
And if this camera shoots me dead, Lord save my chains
Lord save the rings, I am way too vain hehe
Listen to that Kanye again
I play the game like I made the games
You playing like your trying to get traded mane
And you ain't gotta call me the greatest mane
But I am more of a dog than the greatest dane
You boys acting like ladies mane
Crying like you bout to have babies mane
And you can find me grinding on the days we playin'
And that's because I know the sun'll raise again
And when it do I'ma praise the mane
They say you crazy Wayne, but I just bake em mane
And that's Ms. Baker saying, that I'm the...

Hehe yeah 
So, now I got.. 
I got the, I got the, I got the R&B vets saying I'm the..
Hahahaha... Lil told ya bitch!
Young Moolah baby...[Manfred Mann's Earth Band's "Blinded By The Light" Sample] (Lil Wayne)
Blinded by the light (Yeah)
Revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night (Yeah)
Blinded by the light (Skull Gang)
Blinded, (Young Money) Blinded
Blinded by the light

[Lil Wayne]
You see my chain glow, follow that rainbow
I could put bengals around your ashy ankles
I hope you get the picutre, like Pinko's
That I love you overall, like paint clothes
Baby, Wayne knows what you like
Now baby gon' shine, cause you bright
And me plus you equals too bright
Baby they gon' be

[Manfred Mann's Earth Band's "Blinded By The Light" Sample]
Blinded by the light
Revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night
Blinded by the light
Blinded, Blinded
Blinded by the light[Hook: Swizz Beatz]
Am I the best? Yes
Am I the best? Yes
I'm a first place winner, first place winner
I'm a first place winner, first place winner
I ain't never been scared to get-get-get no get no money
I ain't never been scared to g-g-get no get no money
I ain't never been scared to get-get-get no get no money
I ain't never been scared to get no money money money...
[repeat]

[Lil Wayne talking over Swizz]
Hahaha, Young Money baby!
Ay! Just because I just said Young Money
I just made this song a whole lot better
Doesn't money make everything better?
Fuck it, yeah Young Money, Cash Money
Young Money, Cash Money, Young Money, Cash.. Money..
Big money, beyotch!! hehe
I know they tired of me
Cause I'm sleeping on them
I ain't never been scared of getting no money bitch!

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
What the fuck I look like?
Fuck my verse nigga Swizz got the hook right
Don't look left baby girl just look right
And you gone see us in more red than Suge Knight
Gangbanger yes, soo-woo gang
And if you ain't wit it then you in the food chain
I'm in that wide body I'ma need two lanes
Blue seats white paint wetter than new rain
It look like a white person, with blue veins
I keep a black glock, red dot blue flame
Feet hanging out the window jock my shoe game
Cause all my kicks fly, like Liu Kang
Hehe, old playa new game
I'm focused, I'm thinking like I got two brains
I'm in my prime I feel like a new Wayne
How come there is two bitches but ain't no two Waynes?
{*Wayne over Hook*}
 Hehe I don't know what they do but I do thangs
 This Mr. "Everytime You See Me Got A New Chain"
 My flow crazy, I ain't too sane
 But I am the shit and they just poop stains
{*Wayne talking*}
 Haha! Yeah!
 Now all the ladies say, "ooh Wayne.. ooh Wayne"
 Hehe alright YEAH! AY!

[Hook: Swizz Beatz] - 2X

[Verse: Boo]
Yeah I grind hard (grind hard) but I shine harder (harder)
My watch stupid (stupid) my chain retarded (-tarded)
CLS-500, the kid Broadus
B double O, still gettin in pimpin
We might got the same car but my rims different
Plus a sexy lil fine bitch come with it
Young Money we the flyest crew (flyest crew)
Rappers we can't see y'all, who are you? (who are you?)
Spit it's your turn jack do what ya do (Currensy)
Mack still spitting like he new and improved (Mack Maine)
Weezy and the Pimp are just shittin on fools
And you know me jack I got work to move (yeah)

[Hook: Swizz Beatz]

[Verse: Curren$y]
Yeah Young Money in the house
Motherfuck anybody else who in the house
My niggas with me so you know it's guns in the house
The cops'll grab a roll of yellow tape and run around your house
Why y'all fuckin with Lil Spitta?
I wasn't doing nothing just laid up chillin
Playing Tony Hawk on the Xbox, burnin incense
Rocking sweat pants and some Jordan number sixes
My check cleared I'm officially a rich nigga
So from this day I'ma smile in all my pictures
Get the champagne from the top shelf
The crib got wings like a jet, one east one west

[Hook: Swizz Beatz]

[Verse: Mack Maine]
Bitch I'm Mack Maaaaaaine
I'm psycho, like no, other motherfucker
And I'm in this bitch hollerin Young Money motherfucker
It's Mack Maine I make my money speak latin
And I'm comfortable like my sheet satin
The kush got me higher than an old hooker's skirt (skirt)
And I never been to culinary school but cook work (cheah)
I'm no sergeant homie so I never cuff a hoe
And I hustle for my +Bills+ like I'm from Buffalo
Ya figga deal - but on the really-real,
pause the clock my flow timeless
Say my name and lose your job like you're Don Imus (fuck you)
I'm just a, real nigga, Mack Mizzle
I'm off the hizzle, with two pistols now

[Hook: Swizz Beatz][Intro]
Bitch, I feel me!
Yeah, ahh!
I got the game mad
And I ain't talkin' 'bout homie in L.A. neither

[Verse]
I say, I got so much money, man I don't know what to do with it
I was thinkin' 'bout gettin' some and lettin' you spend it
Aye, I do it way bigger than you did it
I'm sittin' on them Jordans, must be the shoes in it
I get rude, ignorant, cruel, really cruel
When it rains it storm, get in the pool, silly
Who really, want it with us?
Homeboy, you trippin' you gon' fall and bust
yo' ass - I could rap fast but I like slower better
Why? Cause bitch, I'm on the four or better
Fly-y-y-y, with no feathers
And if you don't know good, you gon' know better
Yeah, I'm talkin' Young Money only
Weezy a.k.a. I got enough money on me
Yeah, and ya'll niggas phony
I got some bullets with ya'll pictures on them
Haha, ya'll don't really want me
And I blast off on beat
And she make you leave
And you just do you, and she just do me[Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare... Hah!

[Verse 1 - The Game]
Weezy baby, tell 'em we amazin'
Better yet a army, the U.S. Navy
Then tell Slim, I was raised on Cash Money
They can't kick me out of shit, I ain't Dame Dash dummy
I'm the (  ) pass a hundred in that red Ferrari
Me and Weezy Blood brothers, we got red Ferrari's
Red tops in the hood, red tops on Bacardi
Red tops on top models at the after party
Before S dot Carter was Brooklyn's step father
I was getting G money like Nino at the Carter
I was just a baby, like the face on the third Carter
Even had a baby face, like Tracy Evan's baby father
Nigga, so you know what I mean
When I say I get the money like a money machine, yeah
I'm in L.A. Gasol-in'
But when I'm in New Orleans, you can call it Chris Paul-in'

[Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare... Hah!

[Verse 2 - Lil Wayne]
Okay, holla atcha blood
It's Big Dog Weezy, in that big dog breezin'
With the wig off, it ain't easy to go this hard
But Weezy go this hard, like pussy right in front me
I get pussy, I get money, I don't get none of ya'll niggas
Like two, three, I'm after every one of ya'll niggas
What am I saying? I'm ahead of all of ya'll niggas
And mine gon' shine like Armour All hit us
Hah! I wear that chopper like a uniform
You bitch niggas never see me like a unicorn
Who the boy make the girls go crazy
I got that Red Magic, unbelievable, amazin'
Hey, it's a beautiful day
I'm feelin' like the father of a sunray (son Ray)
Like Jamie, Foxx or box like Floyd May'
If the "weather" right, I play the red box Porsche-ay
C'mon

[Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare... Hah!

[Verse 3 - The Game]
(We in the house) like a home invasion
And this time I'm gon' shine like the chrome on Dayton's
You can wait on Detox or you can have more patience
Baby sip that patrone as we get wasted
Weezy-We sip lean, me, I just taste it
We be soakin' up syrup like a waffle house apron
Infa red beam go back to the basement
I'm a "Street King", ask dude from "The Matrix"
Yeah, Cash Money in the basement
Me and Slim like the Hot Boys with a face lift
Translation, it's Freddy versus Jason
Who your favorite rapper, me and Weezy will erase them
And if they gettin' money then, we will paper chase them
With beams that "Glow In The Dark" like Kanye's stage shit
Then we highjackin' Kanye's spaceship
And land it on the Red Carpet at the VMA's bitch

[Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
If you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare...

(Sample from 2Pac's "To Live and Die in LA")
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be 
You gotta be there to know it, where everybody wanna see
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be 
You gotta be there to know it, where everybody wanna see
To live and die in LA
To live and die in LA
To live and die in LA
To live and die in LA

[Chorus - Lil Wayne](The Game)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress (We in the house)
If you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare come near the fortress[Lil Wayne]
Woooo!!
Music up please
One, two, three...

Born and raised in the USA
By way of New Orleans where the killers stay
Okay... {*echoes*} uhh, uhh, alright, yeah
Born and raised in the USA
Where the government's watchin what you do and say
Hey heyyy, alriiiight
Well I'ma tell you this story of mine, a nigga with glory
Yeah I come from piss poor, and now I live in six story houses
Now how's this? Ha!
Listenin to my own voice in my black Rolls Royce
Get the girls of my choice to take off their shorts and blouses
I take off my trousers, yeah!
And you don't know nothin about this
I'm a dope boy with a guitar

[Chorus: Shanell] + (Lil Wayne)
Hey daddy can you let me
Ride with the band in the back seat
Ridin with the dope boy (I'm, I'm a dope boy with a guitar)
Tell them if they're lookin for me
I'm on the road to the next city, ridin with the dope boy

[Lil Wayne]
Dope boy with a guitar...
Born and raised in the USA
By way of New Orleans where the killers stay
But that's okay, yeahhh, that's alright, yes!
I'm loved and praised in the USA.
My ancestors were slaves in the USA
But not todayyyyy, it's alright {*echoes*}
Yeah, c'mon!
Ohhhhhhhh I'ma, dope boy with a guitar

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Bridge!! Born and raised in the USA
Where my president is B-L-A-C-K {*repeat 3X*}
I was born and raised in the USA
And all I wanna do is play
So turn me up {*repeat 4X*}

{*guitar licks to end*}[Lil Wayne]
yeahhh!!

[Verse 1]
I loved her fancy underwear
I sit behind her every year
Waiting for the chance to get
To tell her i'm the one she should be wit
She's popular wit all the guys
Only thing in my eyes
I can see her in my life
She woulda had the world if she were mine
But see she had other plans
I couldn't understand
Her and her stupid friends
Varsity's biggest fans
Never forget the day
She laughed and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all..

[Hook]
She had it all figured out
When she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cuz she didnt think I could play the part
But now the prom queen, the prom queen
Is cryin sitting outside of my door
See you never know how
How everything can turn around

[Verse 2]
They loved her fancy underwear
Every boyfriend, every year
She can't keep a man who's tame
When they can hardly remember her name, (haaa!)
She did everything she could
Just to make them laugh and treat her good
She finds herself alone
Askin herself, where did she go wrong?
She didn't realize
She chased the type of guys
Who don't believe in ties
Tryin to apologize
Never forget the day
She left and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all..

[Hook]
She had it all figured out
When she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cuz she didnt think I could play the part
But now the prom queen, the prom queen
Is cryin sitting outside of my door
See you never know how
How everything can turn around

[Lil Wayne- Ad-libs]
Yeahh!!
Yeah...uh
Uh
Whew!

[Hook]
She had it all figured out
When she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cuz she didnt think I could play the part
But now the prom queen, the prom queen
Is cryin sitting outside of my door
See you never know how
How everything can turn around

[Fade to End]{*instrumental for the first 46 seconds*}

[Lil Wayne]
Back the hell off!
Rock and roll Jesus with all my nails on
All I need is a blunt and a bail bond
And give these blind motherfuckers somethin to feel on
Rollin like a motherfucker put your wheels on
And let's roll down the hill 'til the hill gone
I started on the block but that's somethin to build on
And how can I pray when I got nuttin to kneel on?

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Hey! The ground is gone
Don't look now but the ground is gone
I'm so high that the ground is gone
And I don't even know which cloud I'm on
Don't look down but the ground is gone
Don't look down cause the ground is gone
Right now I'm a million miles from home
And I'm so high that the ground is gone

[Lil Wayne]
Huh, walk on the air
Show me to the edge and I walk off there
We ain't high enough, au contraire
And sometimes life just don't compare
Sa-say my name, baby pull my hair
And I'ma fuck you like a bull, I swear
I got a lot of love that I could just share
I got a lot of drugs that I could just share!!
I-I-I know, I know, what'chu like girl
A nice little mirror and a little white girl
Way at the top of the mountain, bouncin
May I be everything but grounded
I don't ever wanna see the bottom, the bottom
I just wanna float, float like Muhammad
I don't ever wanna see the bottom, the bottom
I just wanna float... {*echoes*}

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Jump jump jump out a window
Let's let's let's jump off a buildin baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a buildin baby
Jump jump out a window
Let's let's let's jump off a buildin baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a buildin baby

[Chorus] sans last three words

[Lil Wayne]
I know a girl named Crystal, her last name Ball
I look into her eyes, and I can see it all
I see it when she cry, I'm there when she call
Cause I live inside of the mirror on the wall
Kill-kill 'em all, die in the spirit of the war
Thinkin what am I, be in spiritual fall
Huh, shit, cause ain't no love
Die while America drink yo' blood
It ain't no hurricane, it ain't no flood
It's some other shit that we ain't know of
Make that money yeah make that money
Then watch the government take that money
But we gon' raise hell motherfucker get well
Laws get passed and economies fail
Love, hate, emotion, compulsion
Addiction, diction, virgins, dickses
Minglin, mixin, swingin, switchin
Swaggin, sweet, freaks, faggots
Flames, fashion, planes, crashin
Ground, zero...

[Interlude] - 1/2

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Let's let's let's jump off a buildin baby
Let's jump jump out a window
Let's jump off a buildin babyyy {*slows to a stop*}{*15 seconds of guitar solo*}

[Lil Wayne]
OWWW!
Damn it (damn it girl)
You know you got it goin on
You can see by the way that she walk
and you're so fine that your body need a bodyguard
Well I can be your hubby
or your only tenderoni
Let me beam you up like Scotty, I got Whitney 
just enough for everybody in this party girl

[Chorus]
Da da da, dah, dah
La-da-da-da da-dah-dah
La-da da, dah, dah
La-da-da-da da-dah-dah!

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I know you want me
Yeah, give me that monkey
Yeah, that funky monkey
Yeah (that funky monkey)
Bass!!

{*guitar solo*}

[Chorus] w/ ad libs

[Lil Wayne]
Yep, I'm +In Like Flynn+
Benjamin Franklin my twin
Yeah, if she can't swim
I got'cha girl sinkin in my Benz
Backstroke, backstroke
Like Michael Phelps with my backstroke
Break her off 'til her back broke
I leave her numb like crack folk
Then I get to the money, Monday through Sunday
Anxiously like what it do honey
Me-na-ge, watch honey do honey
And then they do me and I'm glad they done it
Yeah, I'm with D-R-E
The nigga that make beats with that nigga
C-O, O-L, cool
We so motherfuckin cool-er, than you

[Chorus] w/ ad libs

[Lil Wayne]
BASS!!
Damn it (damn it girl)
You know you got it goin on
You can see by the way that she walk
and you're so fine that your body need a bodyguard
Well I'm your Kevin Costner
And I will be the boxer
I would love a bite, cause shorty out of sight
And I just wanna watch her

[Chorus]

{*guitar solo*}[Verse One: Lil Wayne]
Moolah babe...
She was a young girl in pursuit of glory and fame
She would do anything she could to feel the flame
When everybody know your move and the things you pay
She finally made all her dreams come true and then she screamed
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeahhh)
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
You know, this ain't paradise

[Verse Two: Lil Wayne]
He was a young boy in pursuit of money and fame-ahh
And he would do anything he could to kill the painnn-AHH
When everybody know your moves, they speak of your name
And ohh, all over the late night local news I heard him screammmm
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeee)
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
I say the sun don't shine forever (oh oh oh oh oh)
And everything that glitter ain't gold (ahhhhhhh)
I say love don't love forever (oh oh oh oh oh)
And everything that's new gets old (rahhhhh)

[Verse Three: Lil Wayne]
Sometimes we try to find
the road to the riches, need roadside assistance
Blisters on my knees, from beggin for forgiveness
Ain't no dollars on my trees, but knowledge on my feet
Cause I been climbin to the peak, and runnin from the bullshit
I'm tired of playin the same song, who told the DJ bring it back?
Dead Presidents, bullet in Abraham Lincoln hat
Starin at big poster I swear that he be winkin back
Cut school, sell crack, sorry I'm just thinkin back
Call-call me crazy I been called worse
It's like I have it all, but what's it all worth?
Ha ha, I'm probably better in my afterlife
I should cherish life but, this ain't paradise

[Outro]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Oh, ohh ohh ohh)
... this ain't paradise; no, this ain't paradise
This ain't paradiseeeeeeeee...[Lil Wayne]
WOO!!!
I'm just tryin to get my own, I'm up early in the mo'nin
Gettin it by all means, gotta get this dough (ohhh)
Oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh)
But everytime I look over my shoulder
I see you and all your hatin hatin homies all up all up
in my zone (no) oh no (no) oh no (no) oh no (no)
and your haten haten hommies all up in my zone
Come on man, hey
What the fuck you lookin at me for?!
Wou wanna do somethin?
Do somethin!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I say fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got to much shit on my head
to have to deal with all of you (youuu)
of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu)
I say, fuck you (fuck you)
Get a life (get a life)
Man I got to much shit on my head
to have to deal with all of you (youuu)
of you (youuu) of you (youuu) of you (youuu)
I say fuck youuuuuuuuu...

[Lil Wayne]
Listen baby!
You've got it goin on
Your girlfriends say I ain't the one
They hate it when I call you up
I hear 'em in the backround on your phone (ohhh)
oh no (ohhh) ah-oh (ohhh) oh (oh-oh-oh)
What you don't know about 'em baby
When you not around 'em baby
They be tryin to holla dey be 
hidin in the bushes of my home (ohhh)
oh (ohhh) oh (ohhh) ah-oh (ewww)
Listen girl! {*echoes*}
You tired of your motherfuckin friends
hatin on your motherfuckin nigga everytime he call
They's a bunch of motherfuckin haters
Fuck them boo!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - repeat 2X]
All I can say is get a life
Quit your motherfuckin hatin and get a life
Get money, get bitches and get a life
Get it goin, get it goin, go get a life

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Oohhh, yeah
Oohhh, yeah
Oohhh, yeah[Chorus]
Mama bad
Mama mean
Gasoline
She's on fire
Put her out
As a matter of fact
Take her out
Cause she's on fire

Got on my knees 
And asked my Lord to keep me clear from the devil cause my girl
She's she's on fire
Yeah now everything so cool
Yeah

[Verse One]
Now gimme them back shots
I want them back shots
I said shorty let me play up in them matchbox
Shorty she's on fire
Shorty let a nigga rub this stick against this matchbox
She's steaming
She's screaming
She's she's screaming
She's fiending 
I redeem it
I get between it 
Like a, like a remix
Now hit me
Now she's on fire
Yeah, I let the steam blow
But everything is cool

[Verse 2]
Uh
She hot as hell lets call her Helen
Fireman to her rescue like 9-11
Fuckin' right I make her hot
She got the Devil in her
I do whatever with her
Hells angel
I pluck her feathers nigga
I am the fire spitter
I start a fire with her
Ok her flames high 
But I am higher nigga
So high so I invite her up
Then I light her up
Uh

[Chorus]
Mama bad
mama mean
Kerosene
She's on fire
Put her out
As of matter of fact
Take her out
(Cause she's on fire)
Got on my knees and ask my lord to keep me clear from the devil cause my girl
She, she's on fire 
Yeah now everything so cool

Now hear it
She's on fire
Yeah
(She's on fire)
I let the steam blow
Yeah, And now 
(She's on fire)

[Chorus][Lil Wayne]
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes
Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I seen nights full of pain, days are the same
You keep the sunshine, save me the rain
I search but never find, hurt but never cry
I work and forever try but I'm cursed so never mind
And it's worse but better times seem further and beyond
The top gets higher, the more that I climb
The spot gets smaller, and I get bigger
Tryin to get in where I fit in, no room for a nigga
But, soon for a nigga it be on muh'fucker
Cause, all this bullshit done made me strong muh'fucker!
So I

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Pick the world up and I'ma DROP it on yo' fuckin head, yeah
Bitch I'ma pick the world up and I'ma DROP it on yo' fuckin head, yeah
And I could die now, rebirth motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth motherfucker
I'm gone.. motherfucker I'm gone

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, I know what they don't wanna tell you
Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof
I-I walk up in the world and cut the lights off
And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off
Huh, my word is my pride
But wisdom is bleak and that's a word from the wise
Served to survive, murdered and bribed
And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside
So I could

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm gone... I'm gone, I'm gone
It hurts but I never show, this pain you'll never know
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold
And frostbit I've become, my back's against the wall
When push come to shove I just stand up and scream fuck 'em all
Man it feels like these walls are closin in, this roof is cavin in
Up it's time to raise it then, your days are numbered like pagers and
My book of rhymes got 'em cookin boy, this crooked mind of mines 
got 'em all shook and scared to look in my eyes
I stole that fuckin clock I took the time
And I, came up from behind and pretty much snuck up and butt-fucked this game up
Better be careful when you bring my name up, fuck this fame that ain't what
I came to claim but the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it
But I swear one way or another I'ma make these fuckin haters believe it
I swear to God, won't spare the rod
I'm a man of my words so your fuckin heads better nod
Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody
Sleep on me that pillow is where your head'll lie
Permanently bitch it's beddy-bye
This world is my Easter egg, yeah prepare to die!
My head is swole, my confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal
I'm unstoppable, incredible, hoe you're trapped in my medicine ball
I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin head'll spin dawg
I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives
I'll fuckin

[Chorus]

[Eminem]
I'm gone... I'm gone, I'm gone[Lil Wayne]
The loser, microphone abuser
Feet hurtin, I just walked from Jerusalem
So you should get on the side with the movement
I'm the proof and I'll die just to prove it
What'cha wanna know? Anything whatever
I can't tell ya, I could show ya better
Me me and my gun, we took an oath together
Said I will never die, if we both together
Yea! This is my testifacation
I'ma weigh-in on they heads like precipitation
And in Hell, you you need justification
But, but for me it was just a vacation
Hehehehe, yeah

[Chorus: Shanell]
Somebody tell me when's it gonna end
Where's it gonna end up
Runnin {*5X*}
Runnin out
When's it gonna end
Where's it gonna end up
Runnin {*3X*}
RUNNIN OUT!!

[Shanell]
I lost all my money, I lost half my mind
Can't find my direction, where's the finish line?
Could I be that far awayyyyy from it all, have farrrr to go
If I could stay for it all, then I shouldn't fall

[Lil Wayne]
But if I fall I fall up, and let the clouds hug me
And If I fall down I bet I hit the gound runnin
Bet you search and found nothin, lookin for the finish line
Stop shortcuttin, you fucking up yo' finish time
Geyeah, but every twice in a while
It feels like I'm runnin, and life is the miles
Yeah! But until the lights dimmin down
I'll be runnin 'round, runnin {*echoes*}

[Shanell]
Will you tell me

[Chorus]

[Shanell]
Countin all my pennies but it doesn't add up
At the mercy but somehow it ain't enough
Readin all the red lights tryin not to give up
But I don't know how long it's gonna last, ohh

[Lil Wayne]
It's almost over now
I said it's almost over now
The end is gettin closer now
Better do what your supposed to
cause the world is on your shoulders now

[Chorus]

[Shanell]
When's it gonna end?
Where's it gonna end?
Runnin, runnin out

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah! I'm runnin outta time, I'm runnin out of space
Feel like I'm runnin 'round, but I'm runnin in place
We all in the race, I'm just another sprinter
If there's no finish line, then who's the real winner?[Lil Wayne]
Hah, uhh, yeah, uhh... yeah
Haha, look

Beat the beat up 'til the beat get punchdrunk
Drown in my flow motherfucker bring your swimmin trunks
Everybody say they just do it, well I just don't
Times do change motherfucker but the gun don't
Woke up this morning with my dick to the ceilin
Fell asleep with another chick from my buildin
Kick her ass out and have breakfast like a muh'fucker
... I'm with another bitch by supper
Yeah, me and hate that's an odd couple
Hehe, you niggaz fake you wouldn't pop bubbles
You can act stupid, bitch I'm dumber
And T. Barker is my motherfuckin drummer
Let's go!

[Chorus: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one way trip to you

[Lil Wayne]
Ha! Uhh, I been doin this shit
And you know what they say about the shoe if it fit
Have a ball 'til I fall though
And if I die today I bet the world end tomorrow
Haha! It's fucked up how you ain't never me
And I got blind money, money you will never see
And only in the mirror is where you'll find a better me
I make money and my fingers make the letter B
I'm very sick, very sicker than you
And when I play sick, I'm Jordan with tha flu
Hehe, then I become a motherfucker
And my nigga Travis Barker is my drummer
Motherfucker let's go!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh! I get better with time, and time is forever
So just sit back and watch my time get better
So check yo' watch, I'm strong as scotch
Poppa was a rollin stone, I was born to rock, uh!
Tell it like it is, shit I don't know when it isn't
To be or not to be, shit I don't know my decision
I don't know how I made it for this long in this condition
Cause my flow so sick I shoulda died in the first verse
Mr. Doctor Carter with my hand up a nurse skirt
Suck me like soup and I'ma eat you like surf n' turf
Hah! Just let me know when you comin
And my motherfuckin nigga T. Barker keep drummin
Let's go!

[Chorus]

[Kevin Rudolf]
On a one way trip to youuuuu {*2X*}[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Uh! Yeahhh
Ohhh! Yayyyyy...

[Lil Wayne]
Hey Barbie! Are-are-are are you into black men?
Hey hey hey, hey Barbie! Hey, I could be your black Ken, wow!
Cause once you go black, you never go back
She wear her hair black, with curls in the back
The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat
And after that, everything went BLACK!

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Baby one-two-three.. tell 'em get the referee
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)
Get the telephone please, it's an emergency
Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout)

[Lil Wayne]
Hey Barbie! Can I call you Barbara? Ha ha
Hey Barbie! Yeah can I call you tomorrow, and? today?
Cause once you go black, you never go back
And when she go to Wayne, everybody else is whack
The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat
And after that, everything went BLACK!

[Chorus]

[Nicki Minaj]
Uhhh, uhhh
Awww fuck it! Give me that damn bucket
When when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin
OH, YO, HIT HIT 'EM WITH THE BLOW
Look look out in the crowd and everybody's yellin no
Grab him by his locks and give us a good box
Then hit him below the belt I wanna give him good top
TOP! TOP! Give him good top!
Hit him below the belt I want to give him good top!
One-two-three they yellin one-two-three
I done hit 'em with that motherfuckin crunk two piece
Tell 'em, tell 'em to mop out, too late to copout
Give 'em little head then toupee, that's a knockout!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
So just knock me out! {*2X*}
Damn... just knock me out!
So just knock me out, just knock me out
Just knock me out {*3X*}[Intro/Chorus: Lil Wayne]
She stole my heart, she ran away
Now I'm heartless, so fuck her anyway
We got along, she got away
The price is wrong, but she gotta pay

[Lil Wayne]
We used to be the coolest couple back in high school
high school, my school, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
Now she going out with some nigga name Michael
Okay rifle, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
We used to be the nastiest couple on the school yard
back yard, your yard, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
But now you just a nasty motherfucker baby who are
you are, you are, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah

[Bridge]
And everybody know that the tables turned (YEAH)
And what you gonna do when the tables burned (YEAH)
And now you all up in my face
Pleadin your case, and I'm like
Okay, okay, okay okay okay
Okay, okay, okay okay okay okay
Okay, okay, okay okay okay okay
Okay okay okay okay okay okay ok-kay-kay-kay-kay-KAY!!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
She used to be the cutest ever up in my class
this class, that class, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
But now she kissin any motherfucker with a hall pass
so she skippin y'all class, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yah
I used to be the baddest motherfucker in the lunchroom
classroom, her room, yeah yeah yeah yeah yah yahhhhh
But now I graduated from youuuuuuuu
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah YAH YAH!!

[Bridge]

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
But she gotta pay...
So fuck her anyway...

[Chorus] - repeat 2.5X w/ minor variations

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Fuck her anyway
I fuck her anyway
Fuck her anyway {*9X*}
But she gotta pay!{*44 seconds of instrumental to start*}

[Lil Wayne]
Heyyyy, I tried.. to treat you like no other
To be like no other.. in your life
Heyyyy, and I cried.. to see you with another
To see you with another.. to win your life

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Hear me out, please hear me out
Hear me out before you walk up out the door
Hear me out, please hear me out
BEFORE YOU WALK UP OUT THAT FUCKIN DOOR!!

[Chorus One: Lil Wayne]
I love you like no other
I do you like no other
I swear to God I motherfuckin tried
I do you like no other
I treat you like no other
Without you in my life I'd fuckin die
I'd die without you, I'd die
I'll die without you, I'll die
I'll die without you...

[Lil Wayne]
I'll cry... until you see an ocean
I'm sinkin to the ocean's floor... to my demise
Ohh I'd die.. here to see you with another
To see you with another.. to be in your life
Ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhh

[Bridge]

[Chorus Two: Lil Wayne]
I love you like no other
I treat you like no other
I need you in my motherfuckin life
I'll treat you like no other
And there won't be another
There won't be another Mr. Right
I'd die without you, I'd die
I'll die without you, I'll die
I'll die without you, I'll die
I'll die, ohhhh

[Lil Wayne]
Bury me a G.. yeah, bury me a G when I die
Bury me a G when she cry
And I'll be lookin down from the sky
Bury me a G.. yeah bury me a G when I die
Bury me a G.. and I I swear
You gon' hear me out, yeah hear me out
Hear me out before you walk up out my door
Yeah you gon' hear me out
DON'T YOU WALK UP OUT MY FUCKIN DOOR!

[Chorus Three: Lil Wayne]
I love you like no other
I treat you like no other
I need you in my motherfuckin life
I'll do you like no other
I'll treat you like no other
I promise, I swear
I'll die without you, die without you
Die without you, die without you
I'll die without you, die without you
Die without you, die without.. you[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Turn it up {*3X*}
Just turn it up
Go on turn it up
Just turn it up
Ha ha... TURN IT UP!!

[Lil Wayne]
No regrets at all
I'm high and I hope you catch the fall
Welcome to my lecture hall
You can't shake my infection off
Take me to your leader and
I promise I will be the man
Swim until I see the sand
Then die soon as I reach the land
The water's over our hands
What happened to our plans?
Swim until I see the sand
Then die soon as I reach the land!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
This is my resurrection, so fuck yo' resolution
I don't need no protection, I don't need your confusion
Don't know what to believe {*3X*}
Don't care what you believe
Cause I'm so over you, yeah I'm so over you
Yeah I fly over you, cause I'm so over you

[Shanell]
I did everything by the book - book (book) book (book)
Scribblin all over all of the notes that I took (took) took (took)
Find that you're no better than a crook... OOH
Set and developed I felt I could trust you... struck
Showed them a picture of my ID
That's not enough to prove that it's me
Look in the mirror, now who should I be... lieve

[Chorus] w/ Shanell

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Ha!
Don't know what to believe (uhh)
Don't know what to believe (yeah)
Don't know what to believe (huh)
Don't care what you believe (yeah)
Don't know what to believe (uhhhh)
Don't know what to believe (yeaaaaah)
Don't know what to believe (waaaaahhhhh)
Yeah!!! Uhh[Lil Wayne]
...Sound like my mic is right

UGH~!!

I-I am not a human, shout to all my moon men
Yeah they call me Tune', got them bitches tuned in
It's a crazy world, so I stay in mine
and niggaz don't cross the line, niggaz stay in line
like welfare; I'm St. Elsewhere
Hotter than the devil - nigga, hell yeah!
Rock-a-bye baby, homocide baby
That's more tear drops, call me crybaby
whatchu tal'n bout? Tell it to my nine
Cut yo' tongue out, mail it to your moms
I'm a young god, swagger unflawed
Bitch I'm in the building, you in the front yard
Life's a bitch - naw, better yet a dumb broad
and I bet I can fuck the World and make it cum hard
Yeah, you boys is washed up
and I'm shittin on 'em like "Two Girls and One Cup", huh!
Weezy Baby a/k/a bring the money home
Pull out a AK and pop you in ya funny bone
Laugh now, die later motherfucker
Youse a bitch like Zeta Phi Beta, motherfucker, huh!

[Chorus 2X: Lil Wayne]
Yeaaah, I call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
Pussy ass nigga, I don't want your gonorrhea
Pussy ass nigga, I don't want your gonorrhea

[Lil Wayne]
Man I'm so tired of ballin, I sleep a lot now
I'll let my goons rush ya/Russia, like Moscow
Gun at ya eyebrow... -- pow pow!
Man I ball hard, even with five fouls
Yeah we in this bitch, like tampons
Dump ya in the woods, now getcho' camp on
Choke hold around this shit cause I'm so hands-on
I get high as fuck and Polo sheets is what I lands on
Back against the wall and my two feet is what I stand on
Diva in the room, she blowin me just like a band horn
Got her on her knees, the same knees that she be prayin on
Now she just text her girlfriend with a capital, "YOU CAN JOIN"
Yeah, what y'all wanna do? I'm all ears
Smokin on that head band, call that shit that Paul Pierce
I'm just so ahead of my time like dog years
Ball/bald like Solange, India.Arie, Britney Spears

[Chorus]

[Drake]
Uh, yeah..
I aaaaaaam, spendin much more than I'm makin 
on these cars and these vacations, is that too much information?
I just bought a Lamborghini, I'm not even into racing
with a windshield full of tickets 'cause I live right by the station
I am, tryna figure out why you so mad at me?
Yes, I'm with Young Money, tell the magazine stop askin me
I be with the dread with the tattoos on his head
and a flag the color red like a fuckin low battery 
{..OKAY} Nigga peep the shit I'm wylin on
I be witcho' baby momma, you be witcho' child at home
Big Mo, Big Red, two cups made of styrofoam
Big cheese, big bread, call that shit a calzooone
{..OKAY} I will break your fuckin collar bone
Us against the World, better pick which  fuckin side you on
Wayne got a Bugatti that he steady puttin mileage on
and we about to kill 'em, C4 Mr. Carter's hoooome~!

[Lil Wayne]
Yeaaah, c-call it how I see ya
I wish I never met ya, I wouldn't wanna be ya
We some asshole niggas, c-call us diarrhea
The money keep growin, yep! It's growin like a Chia, ha-ah!
Yeaaah, I call it how I see ya
Y'all some pussy ass niggas, we should call you Gonorrhea
Uh, you keep talkin that shit, I'ma see ya
Ki-kill your seorita and ya FUCKIN mama mia!
Uh![Lil Wayne]
Let go, okay
Bitch I'm me, American gangster
Weezy F baby, born in a manger
Trouble is my friend I ain't foreign to danger
Clip full of wings turn you boys into angels
Shoot ya in your halo, shoot you like Halo
New Orleans A-hole, frio, fuego
All about my bread like bagels, they know
I'm Raw like qualudes, ball like gay hoes
Weed so strong its like I twist tornados
Spit like nines, fo'-fifths and three-eight-ohs
Niggaz want problems well I am problematic
It's back to pickin cotton cause you niggaz cotton candy
I'ma Eastside Damu, deep water Shamu
Shoot you from your head to your shoulders, shampoo
Kush and the bamboo, pussy in the bedroom
Pass that bitch down like an heirloom, too cheap
Hold up, hold up wait a minute
Hold up, hold up mannnnnn

[Chorus]
We hustle 'til nightfall, party 'til sunlight
Guns in the boxers, don't make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggaz, fuck them niggaz bitches
Benadryl shit, trigger finger itchin and
we hustle 'til nightfall, party 'til sunlight
Guns in the boxers, don't make this a gun fight
Fuck them other niggaz, and fuck them niggaz bitches
Benadryl shit, trigger finger itchin
Hold up, hold up... wait a minute
Hold up, hold up... haha

[T-Streets]
Man bitch I'm Streets, I rep that East
Gi-gimme the beef I'll put the beef in the grease
Kush and the sweets, your bitch in the sheets
I fucked that bitch, mi-mission complete
Real nigga talk, gangster conversation
I'm a real nigga, don't fuck wit imitations
Young Money nigga, ain't no limitations
I don't play games, nigga simulations
Which one of y'all niggaz say you 'bout it?
It's a fucked up world, T-Streets take you out it
That's word to the glock, glock in the sock
Loose lips sink ships better stop at the dock
Hold up~!

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh married to the money you welcome to the reception
And she came with problems, fuck it that's my stepsons
Sleepin in the Maybach, wake me when the jet come
And I keep the toast, turn yo' ass to breadcrumbs
Uhh.. based on a true story
I got a million flows they ain't even two stories
Sleepin on the edge, I hope I don't toss and turn
Shoot down the early bird and that's how I get the worm
Yeah, re-real Nigga University, alumni
Just checked my watch and that bitch says sometimes
She say when I'm in her, it feel like I'm soul searchin
And they say money talks, well it's my spokesperson
Uhh, grab a star from the sunroof
I fuck her in her dreams, and make her come true
Yeah, Young Money and the power
Send my bees at you like a muh'fuckin flower
Hold up, hold up
Hold up, wait a minute
Hold up... hold up, mannn

[Chorus][Lil Wayne]
Uh, shawty badder than a three year old
Keep playing and I'm a eat her like a pita roll
I'm just saying, with my love, I can feed her soul
Two day getaway and we don't need our clothes
We at the pool and she looking like a centerfold
Two tattoos, but she say she's getting plenty mo'
She got Indian in her family, Seminole
Me, and shawty go together like chemicals
And she get mad when I call other women hoes
You send her Rose, I pick some flowers and send her those
Tall glass of Marlowe, get her in the mode
Two tall glasses of Marlowe, get her out her robe
I whisper in her ear, then lick around her lobe
And when she check her watch, it's never time to go
And with her brain, she should make the honor roll
And when I came, she caught me like the common cold

Bridge [Lil Wayne]:
D-D-Damn, you're the shit
And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I don't really know how to handle the shit
But tonight, it's moonlight and candles and shit

Chorus [Drake]:
With you baby (repeat four times)
With you and only you [Drake harmonizing]

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, I say, damn I must be there
Because you're the best that I ever seen right
Shawty put me on, you got me gone like some green lights
See you with your girls, they probably telling you that he ain't right
Then they be the same bitches at the wedding throwing riiice
Let's get together overnight
shawty I'm a pro and you were looking like the prototype [Laughs]
Macita, I took your advice
Sometimes you got to blow it twice, then shake it up and roll the dice
I'm cruising on the road to life but I need a passenger
Appetite for love and ma, I'm hungry like a scavenger
I-I be on that lavender, I-I be in the bath with her
Then I gotta go under that water like a mariner

Bridge [Lil Wayne]:
D-D-Damn, you're the shit
And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I don't really know how to handle the shit
But tonight, it's moonlight and candles and shit

Chorus [Drake]:
With you baby (repeat four times)
With you and only you [Drake harmonizing]

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, now she don't know about me, but I'm a put her on it
And she ain't sure about me, but can't go without me [Laughs]
We probably ain't supposed to be together
but I wonder if a love affair could last forever? [Laughs]
And shawty, I'm weak, smoke a lot of weed but I can never forget ya
And then I told her to her face
If everyone was like you, the world would be a better place

Bridge [Lil Wayne]:
D-D-Damn, you're the shit
And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I don't really know how to handle the shit
But tonight, it's moonlight and candles and shit

Chorus [Drake]:
With you baby (repeat four times)
With you and only you [Drake harmonizing]

Bridge [Lil Wayne]:
D-D-Damn, you're the shit
And I'll rip my heart out and hand you the shit
And I don't really know how to handle the shit
But tonight [But tonight echoes in the background]

Chorus [Drake]:
With you baby (repeat four times)
With you and only you [Drake harmonizing]I am not a human being

[Verse 1]
Re-re-reporting from another world
Look up in the sky and see me courting with a cover girl
She know that inspite, after I'm through then it's another girl
I can make your wife and your sister fuck your brother off
Rockstar biatch, check out how we rock
And if this ain't hip hop, it must be meat hawk
I'm higher than a motherfucking chronic leaf tree top
I make that nina sing like shooty do wee op
Them other fags daddy?, well I truly do me, pop
And I get my candy from your girlfriend's sweet shop
Still get a stomach ache every time I see cops
You better run motherfucker cause we not
Yeah, you bitches better run til your feet stop
And I'm so fed up with street cops, I'm colder than a ski shop
I'm holding onto the top
And even if I let go, I still won't drop

[Chorus]
I am the rhyming oasis
I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it
I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing
I thank god that I am not basic

Ow!
I am not a human being

[Verse 2]
Haha, rockstar baby
Now come to my suite and get lock jaw baby
I can knock your boots and your socks off baby
News flash, your boyfriend a knock off baby
Okay, real shit, he can get knocked off baby
And I'm like a champagne top, I'm ready to pop off baby
You really lucky I don't kill if it's not for baby
Got so much money, I know it gets the cops all crazy
Rockstar shit from my rockstar ass
Got a tub full of money, that's a rockstar bath
Then I use more money to wipe my rockstar ass
Then I throw it in the garbage, that's rockstar trash
I wouldn't try you, I wouldn't lie you
I'm only sticky cause them bitches got their eyes glued
Big B bitch, I'm so motherfuckin' domu
Staring at a mountain like bitch I will climb you
I stand tall like a motherfuckin' nine too
I scream mother fuck you and whoever designed you
And if you think you hot, then obviously you are lied to
And we don't die, we multiply and then we come divide you

[Chorus]
I thank god that I am not basic
I am not a human being

[Verse 3]
Ugh, I'm rockstar bad
With my rockstar glasses and my rockstar plaid
This the school of hard rock, I'm a rockstar grad
And my kids are bout to have a rockstar dad
I'm not gonna let them teddys bounce like rison glass
And if you do, I'll probably call you like shots off glass
Don't jump into my water cause you not gonna last
I swear I'mma be like a shark that's not gonna pass
Rockstar life, rockstar bright
And in the mosh pit is how a rockstar fight
So jump up in this bitch and catch a rockstar right
And the cops could never violate a rockstar's rights
Yeah, now I'm back on my grizz
And y'alls a bunch of squares like a motherfucking grid
And everybody get it, well me, I get rid
Of he who say he get it and then I get his
No marquee but this is big biz
And I scream fuck it whoever it is
Ain't no motherfucker deeper than me, bitch dig
And I thank god everyday that my children are rich kids

[Chorus]
I am the rhyming oasis
I got a cup of your time, I won't waste it
I got my foot on the line, I'm not racing
I am not a human being[Lil Wayne]
Uh, camo shorts and bubble Kush...
Yeah, we can talk, she'd rather fuss..
This and that 'bout such-n-such, man...
Damn, where is the fuckin trust?
I'm tired of the hoop and holl'n
I'm 'bout to take the Coupe to Collins
Uh.. then take a female to the Island
Uh, then take her clothes off and do the honors
Yeah, now she hear I'm wit dem other bitches
Yeah, I told her mind her fuckin business
Hehehe.. Shit, she prol'ly out chea fuckin niggaz
I'm fuckin her friends, now her friends ain't even fuckin with her
Damn, she text me all day and night
So pissed off she ain't even spellin shit right
I text her back, and tell her, "It's life"
Now somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the niiiight

[Chorus]
...Yeah I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't trippin on nothin, I'm sippin on somethin
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
I ain't trippin on nothin, I'm sippin on somethin
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, dreads braided to the back
I'm chillin but my swag on full attack
Hahah... and my girl actin like a brat
So when she call, I don't answer, I just write her back
...She hate it when I do that shit
And I when get home, she go thru my shit
She call numbers back, to see who that is
...Man, I hate it when she do that shit
...Polo t-shirt, Polo draws
...Now make me take this Polo off
Heheh... Girl, you can get broken off
Yeah, I fuck you for an hour then I smoke it owww-ff
Swimmin trunks and bathing suits
Then go in the bedroom and tell the naked truth
Don't wanna fuss, ain't tryna fight
Man somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the niiiight

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, now she got on her fuck 'em dress
..and I got on my double breast
Uh, and he been fussin all day wit her
And I make her feel special like a place kicker
She wanna be Weezy F. Babysitter
Say she wish she could cut my dick off and take it wit her
I say, "Hold on," she say she just playin
Then I falls in dat pussy like quicksand
Uhh, hot sex and cold wine
She left that nigga hangin like a clothes line
I cut my phones off -- both lines
It's bout to get nasty -- pork rinds
She came hard -- both times 
We both say we single, and we both lyin
We both wrong, but it feel right
Putcha hands up, if you single for the niiiight

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - Outro]
Yeah..
If you singlllle, putcha hands up (uh)
If you singlllle (uh) putcha hands up (uh)
I-If you singlllle (uh) putcha- if you single tonight
And I ain't trippin on nothin, I'm sippin on somethin
And my huh-boy say he got a bad bitch fuh me 
I ain't trippin on nuh'hin, I'm sippin on suh'hin
And my HUH-boy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight
Yeaaaah, HAHAHAHA~!!
Ahhhh, lemme cut my phone back on, man (If you singlllle)
Yeaaaah, sorry baby, but I gotta go home (YEAAAAAH)
It's morning
{*imitating Shirley Murdock*} It's mooooooorniiiiing[Lil Wayne]
Uhh
Life on the rocks, too hard to swallow
So we get high 'til it feel like the sky low
Y'all boys just a bunch of pussycats, Milo
Money is the song, pockets on high note
Doe ray mi fa so, I rock like a fossil
Big ball shit, Paul Castellano
Shoot yo' ass up, now crawl out the condo
That's that nine nigga, uhh Rondo
Sleeping with the enemy, so I fuck the world
To Miss Louisiana, the sweetest Southern girl
The sweetest Southern girl (sweetest Southern girl)

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
This is time's up, put your signs up
Made 'em pick my dude, out the line up
Baby what the fuck wrong, wrong with them?
What the fuck wrong, wrong with them?
You see many are called, very few are chosen
Lookin at the wall, and I can feel them close in
Baby what the fuck wrong, wrong with them?
What the fuck wrong, wrong with them?

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh
Mind over matter, money over all
The world is on my shoulders, should I dust my shoulders off?
Uzi rat-a-tatter, knocking over walls
Fuck the bullshit, but just don't fuck it raw
Man pussy has a pattern, and I know where I'm goin
And if you got beef I turn into a tenderloin
Sanity kills, so I live the crazy life
I wonder if you'll pay attention, if I change the price
Life is my wife, 'til death do us part
Man I'm fly as fuck you ain't even next to depart
Quick Draw McGraw, I hope you like art

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh
Steppin on the bullshit, you can be my doormat
Y'all ain't goin nowhere with that hatin shit, four flats
Disrespectful on the beat, Borat
Fuck the system and the pussy wasn't all that
Yeah, now time's gettin shorter
With life on your head like a fuckin Reed Carter now
Don't you cross me, you do better crossin the border
So much money piled up I'm a motherfuckin hoarder

[Chorus]

[Nicki Minaj]
Young Money~![Lil Wayne]
("Kane is in the building") Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it
We onnn, cause we onnn

[Drake]
Who else really tryin to fuck with Hollywood Cole?
I'm with Marley G bro
Flyin Hollygrove chicks to my Hollywood shows
And I wanna tell you somethin that you probably should know
This that "Slumdog Millionaire," Bollywood flow
And uhh... my real friends never hearin from me
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose, I don't get shit confused
I got a small circle, I'm not with different crews
We walk the same path, but got on different shoes
Live in the same building, but we got different views
I got a couple cars, I never get to use
Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls is down to roll
I hit the strip club and all them bitches find a pole
Plus I been sippin so this shit is movin kinda slow
Just tell my girl to tell her friend that it's time to go

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Now tell me how you love it
You know you at the top when only heaven's right above it
We onnn.. it's Young Money motherfucker
If you ain't runnin with it run from it motherfucker
All right, now somebody show some money in this bitch
And I got my bees with me like some honey in this bitch
Ya diig? I got my gun in my boo purse
And I don't bust back because I shoot firrrst

[Lil Wayne]
... Meet me on the fresh train
Yes I'm in the building you just on the list of guest names
And all of my riders do not give a fuck, X Games
Guns turn you boys into pussies, sex change
... and I smoke 'til I got chest pains
And you niggaz know I rep my gang like Jesse James
Women are possessive, and they wanna possess Wayne
I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fuckin plaaane
Skinny pants and some Vans
Call me Triple A, get my advance in advance
Amen~! As the world spin and dance in my hands
Life is a beach, I'm just playin in the saaand
Uhh, wake up and smell the pussy
You niggaz can't see me, but never overlook me
I'm on the paper trail it ain't no tellin where it took me
Yeah and I ain't a killer but don't push meee...

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, how do he say what's never said?
Beautiful black woman I bet that bitch look better red
Limpin off tour cause I made more off my second leg
Muh'fuckin Birdman Junior, eleventh grade
Ball on automatic start
I could hand it to Drake or do a quarterback draw
Wildcat offense, check the paw prints
We in the building, you niggaz in apartments
Uhh, now-now c'mon be my blood donor
Flow so nice you ain't gotta put a rug on her
Do it big and let the small fall under that
Damn where you stumbled at? From where they make gumbo at?
Kane got the fuckin beat jumpin like a jumpin jack
But you know me, I get on this bitch and have a heart attack
Hip-Hop, I'm the heart of that, nigga nothin short of that
President Carter, Young Money Democrat
Uhh

[Chorus] w/ minor variations

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah! We onnn
Young Mu-Young Mula bay-bayyy[Lil Wayne]
Yeah
She got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad"
I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass
She got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad"
I'm-I'm attracted to her...

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, she a monster, I'm her sponsor
She run through my head, Chris Johnson
I'ma tackle her, get in back of her
Bust it open suck that pussy like the Dracula
What your man doing? Tell him fall back
Throw that pussy at me, baseball bat
I kiss her where she point, I make her lose her voice
I see her when I want; call that Viewer's Choice
#1 lover, she want none other
Don't need another one, when we got one another
I take her out, then I take her down
I beat it up, twelve round

[Chorus One: Lil Wayne]
She-she got that good good
She got that-got that good
She got, she got that, got that
She-she got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad"
I'm attracted to her, with her attractive ass

[Chorus Two: Lil Twist - repeat 2X]
Ok I'm watchin you baby, and thinkin 'bout all of the things
that I can do baby, on top of the world
when I'm on top of you baby, spend the night with me
and get popular baby, po-popular baby

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, she a monster, but I'm a beast though
Take her clothes off, with my teeth though
I beat slow, or I can hit it fast
I do it how she ask, and I cum last
I bust her ass, we tear it down
Then I gotta split, like James Brown
It's all love, I come back around
And if she back it up, then-then I back it down
Tell me somethin is you ready for me baby?
Take this beast up out my pants and let you pet it for me baby
My dick on Professor Klump jump on this Eddie for me baby
And when uou fuck with me they give you credit for it baby
Yeah

[Chorus One] + [Chorus Two]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh she got that good good, she Michael Jackson "Bad"
I'm attracted to her, for her attractive ass
So pack your bags, I fly you in
Soon as she land, we get it in
She love to put her legs around my neck
I promise if I fuck her hard then she gon' choke me to death
Heh~! And it's always wet
Don't know if she the "Best I Ever Had"
but she the best I had yet!

[Chorus Two] - one half

[Lil Wayne]
YEAH!!

[Lil Twist] + (Lil Wayne)
Hey, and you'll get popular baby (Lil Twist!)
And like a cradle I'll be rockin you baby (yeah)
I feel good when I'm on top of you baby
So I'ma stay on top of you baby, hey

[Lil Wayne] + (Lil Twist)
You'll be popular baby
Hey, I'll be rockin you baby (hey!)
I'm on top of you baby
And I'ma stay on top of you baby
Ha ha ha (hey!)
Young Mula baby[Lil Wayne]
Cut the music up please
Yeah, I should never leave hip-hop
Controlled by my two hands, they go tic-toc
Around the clock yes it's my time, my throne
Bet I know the time of day in any fuckin time zone
I'm feeling like I'm on top of the rhinestone
Pull in the ladder from heaven about to climb home
Mental thoughts are sharper than a pine cone
In this world of numbers I keep my nine on
And I don't go to church because the line long
And the preacher he be gettin his shine on
But I know my Lord, I am God's own
Back to my hands, tick tick, a time bomb

[Jay Sean - Chorus]
Yeahhh don't you know I'll be (I'll be) {*3X*}
I'll be here cause I won't quit, yeah
You can try to lock me up; you can try to break me down
But I stay strong, it's my throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me
You can try to lock me up; you can try to break me down
But I stay strong, it's my throne
Can't stop now cause that ain't me

[Lil Wayne]
Try to stay afloat on my innertube
When they turned my city into a swimmin pool
Before that, it was a livin cesspool
We got get on our shit like nats do
Polices be on my tip like hats do
But, I just stay strong like blacks do
Never +Saved by the Bell+ in a black school
And I stay in trouble like +Zack+ do
And in this game, nobody's on my plateau
Therefore my name remains like a tattoo
Yes, I take giant steps in Shaq boots
B-I-R-Dman Jun-ior
Or Weezy, F, baby, baby

[Chorus]

[Jay Sean]
That ain't me - see I won't stop
That ain't me - ooh no I won't quit
That ain't me - no I won't stop
That ain't me, cause that ain't me

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, alright, alright
Alright alright I'm in their conversations
The title's up for grab I'm into confiscation
Punched, shot, or stabbed, now you're the doctor's patient
Wild like an Arab from the Islamic nation
I get money 'round the clock, ain't got no time for hatin
And these niggaz ain't shit like they constipated
I get the coupe with the kit, watch me lobster red it
Drop the top at the light that's when I behead it
So far ahead of them, I feel outdated
But I feel electric, like I'm Raiden
Used to play Mortal Kombat when I was a couch potato
And now I'm comin out with faders, no homo {*laughing}

[Chorus]

[Jay Sean]
That ain't me - you see I won't stop
That ain't me - ooh no I can't stop
That ain't me - cause I won't quit
No I won't quit - that ain't me - no that ain't me[Gudda Gudda]
Ok I'm leanin to the left, fla-flag in my right pocket
Star Trak fly, unidentified flying objects
Extraterrestrial, I'm all about my decimals
Retarded in the booth they say I got a special flow
Sicker than your average you rappers is ass backwards
Gudda spit crack and you niggaz is crack addicts
The simple mathematics; you cut the check
and I rake in the green like I'm rakin the grass in
Pretty bitches damn near faint when they passin
Call my whip Martin but the first name Aston
Potatohead niggaz get mashed when I'm spazzin
Think you fuckin with me? Put your cash in
Nah, I doubt it; I was young and reckless
when Pete say he was about it
You niggaz is +Ducks+, +Howards+
Cowards, kill the competition and shower niggaz with flowers
This rap shit is ours, punk, bitch~!

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, Uptown back in it, Hollygrove black menace
Black clothes, black tennis', black semi'
I've never sat in the Hemi that will offend me
Try Maybach or Maybach, bitch I got stacks - yeah
Paychecks on paychecks and I still want payback
I still don't play that, I kill on ASAP
And he don't do shit but get money all day
Put some shoes on my bullets now they runnin your way
YM, Young Mula, Young Money all day
Where the drugs so sweet like honey on yay
Which one of y'all say you want drama? I'm honored
I blitz yo' ass like a motherfuckin lineman
Stack of paychecks with a whole bunch of comma
Still wear red like an old 49er
Fuck shittin on ya, dump the whole toilet on ya
Wee-Weezy F baby, bitch I'm hotter than Uganda
Unngh!

[Jae Millz]
Let-let go
Mo-momma ain't make me to make homies she made me to make history
So doin that my extra-curicular activity
Bulldozer boy and my target is the industry
Two things in the world I love - good head and victory
You ain't doin it big, I'm grown, stop kiddin me
Your whip ain't up to date and your hoes look like Mr. T
This is +Misery+, no Kathy Bates
Come at me sideways my money'll slap you straight
Yeah, I'm a big joker so you know I'll smash your ace
Leave the club with ya girl send her home with a ashy face
Love is a gamble, but it's my casino
And tonight you're the loser, I hope she got Aveno
I hope the game got life insurance cause I'ma kill it
And all you whack ass rap niggaz dyin with it
I'm so Harlem, eatin but still starvin
Po-pockets fat as fuck like all they do is eat margarine
Millz!

[Tyga]
Say, put the flow in the pot, crank up the notch
Burn the song from a stove top, this finger lickin hot
His pick flip cause the nigga flopped
My shit hit like the pitch was soft, niggaz cottonballed
She dropped drawers cause she poppin off
Her pussy crossed guard but, I don't stop at all
I smash in the car, like fuck the fuckin law
Her baby daddy gone, who wanna meet the Don?
That Rocky shit up on the arm-arm
Shittin on 'em like hay in the barn
Hey wait they say Money talks and, man you don't speak at all
You shop at mini-malls
My style two thumbs up like using analogs
Ha ha~! I wreck shit for the recognition bitch
Jesus as my witness, Saan vision
Eyeball you niggaz, flame flicker
I melt pictures, Tyga skin ain't drippin[Nicki Minaj]
This that Young Money shit right here
Better strap up your boots.. before they start to shoot
They do it for the troops.. it's Young Money salute
It's Young Money salute

[Lil Twist]
Yeah, uhh
So sick with the flow, yeah you Cowboys know
That Lil Twist been a pro way before Romo
No T.O., no Witten, Cowboys to a piston
A.I., no Wallace, you kids gettin demolished
I'm bookin on you suckers like I'm just leavin college
But smart, very smart, too smart for your knowledge
Too smart once mo', Wayne called me a genius
It's Y.M.E. nothin gets in between us

[Lil Chuckee]
I told Wayne I'm goin in like somebody 'bout to bury me
In this rap game nobody could ever bury me
That's why you see me on stage rockin with Young Money
I told my team I got us, man it's all on me
like Volume 2, B.G., I got my crew with me
Twist, Mack, Millz, Gudda and my baby Nicki
Everytime I'm on the track it's ransom
Can't find 'em like us any mo', it's random
When Young Money come through you better salute us

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Better strap up your boots.. before they start to shoot
They do it for the troops.. it's Young Money salute
It's Young Money salute.. it's Young Money salute
It's Young Money salute.. it's Young Money salute
So salute, so salute

[Jae Millz]
Hey I solemnly swear if it ever go down
You ain't never gotta call me, cause I'ma be there
Let's get to the point like elbows, my crew harder than shelltoes
Strapped like velcro and is we runnin? Hell no
And truthfully, aimin for number one, ohh do we!
You ask why, I'll reply "Cause nobody remember two or three"
Cross YM and out of him we'll make a movie (yessir)
We all that we can be, respect the army and salute we

[Gudda Gudda]
Yeah, Young Money army we marchin, we comin forward
No warnin, we got these boys runnin like Forrest
So salute me like a general, first place never last
Always on top and I'm a chief like a Seminole
Got the game in a stranglehold, no lettin up
You can get the top or your can popped like 7-Up
Lnock knock let us up, Young Money applaud me
And we'll take the game out your hands like a joystick

[Nicki Minaj]
I'ma need my badges and my ribbons
Maybe it'll make up for everything that I wasn't given
Everything that I've given, I swear I'll never give in
Just look at what I've been in and this is just the beginnin
I d-d-d-d-do it cause I did it for my ballerina girls
Blowin kisses to the soldiers I am Marilyn Monroe
When we shoot shoot shoot 'em up, camoflauge me
Cause Young Money is the Navy, better yet a army

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
... Commander in Chief
One hand on the world, one hand on the brief
I stand on the world, bitch I stand on the peak
of the game, and the girls, and the guap', now that's G
Don't ask me about shit but money
Fuckin right my money long I got that ten foot money
Heh, I get it fast when I get to the money
When I walk, it sound like ten foots runnin
I meant feet, I'm in deep like wet pussy
I'm a purple heart proven war vet rookie
You can't even sit next to me
Now bring money or death to me, or don't step to me
Now don't step nugga, march with me
To the steps of the court buildin, like ain't we God's children?
I know at all times Gods feel me
So I play my part until the war kill me
Salute, or shoot, nigga~!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Get that salute out my face
I am, a sixteen year veteran
I been in this motherfuckin
hip-hop war, all my motherfuckin life
But I still have that, my life, yeah
Young Mula baby[Lil Wayne]
Man, fuck these niggaz..

Tunechi's back! Tunechi's back!
That's all these bitches screamin that, Tunechi's back!
+All Eyes on Me+, nigga picture I'm rollin
Strapped up with that Mac, masked up like a goalie
Man, my bitch on that coke, she snorted fo' and a baby
Now the bitch owe me, she sellin pussy and pay me
They sayin Tunechi's back! Tunechi's back!
And I bought them twins with me nigga: Click and Clack, let's go

Out on bail, work on the scale
Put some change on ya head, boy you on sale
Yeah I'll see you in hell, pop-pop get well
Make breakfast 'cause I got you walkin on egg shells
Zan with that lean, I ain't a beggin motherfucker but nigga please~! 
And I aim this motherfucker at yo' memories 
and all my niggaz Bloods but we make you niggaz bleed... yeah, Bloody Mary!
I'm the one with the money so I ain't the one with the gun
All I do is give the word, to the one with the gun
I'm triple O.G., Fuc's splittin the Sweet
Fuck bitches, get money - mission complete
Man fuck these niggasz I ain't worried 'bout 'em
These niggaz pure pussy, pull a pearl out 'em
Yeah, I got a +Virgin+ I call her Madonna..
But I ain't trippin, her head is a monster!
Yeah, we do this f'real
Swear to God I never shoot unless I'm shootin to kill
Young wild muddahfucker, pop you and a pill
Boy instead of writin raps, you should be writin your will
You a dead man, I get to poppin this bitch
Watch where yo' head land, I ain't right I swear to God 
I need my head scanned, stand up and eat that pussy 
while she on a head stand, I'm a dog hoe 
Camo cargos, semi autos
My bitch sniff more lines than a barcode, yeah!
Wish I could take a shot of Ciroc with Pac
Sorry 4 the Wait 'til my album drop[Lil Wayne]
G5 sittin on the runway
Big ass chopper, call that bitch Beyonc
This for my dogs locked down all day
Money, power, respect - three the hard way
I put some real niggaz on they feet, boi
So they'll kill anyone for me, boi
Yeah, YMCMB, boi
Young Tunechi fresh to death, rest in peace, boy
My gat bang, yo' hat hang, I ride off with Mack Maine
I drink Patron straight, you niggaz keep that champagne
My pa is the Birdman, I'm rich as a white man
I come to yo' show and kill you and yo' hypeman 
We roll in, let's roll out, my bitches don't hold out 
They got Marley G, I gotta bond my lil' bro out
Let my dreads grow out, my bitch got a blow out
"Mi casa, su casa", my house is a hoe house 
Only fuck with real niggaz; Polo, fuck that Hilfiger
Yeah I'm on a pill nigga, feed you to my lil' niggaz
Shout out to my big homies, Fifi and T-Streets
Scope on that AK, make me take a sneak peek
T, roll another one, razor blade on the tongue
You ain't ever seen this watch, nigga this a one of one
You niggaz is honey buns, yo' girlfriend a ton of fun
Chopper with a drum, motherfucker give the drummer some
Plus I light my blunt at them, suck a nigga dick or sum'n?
Pop that pussy for me, then wild out and give my niggaz some
I'ma do my thing, I put that on Nicki Minaj 
I need a bad redbone to come give my dick a massage
I'm talkin big money, I'm talkin heavyweight
I cut down on the syrup, now I'm in better shape
I'm from New Orleans nigga, where you ain't NEVER safe
You fuck with me, I drop you off in front of Heaven's gate
Oka, jump off a building, jump out a window
Smoke like a junkie and fuck like a nympho
Drink like a goldfish, that's right you know this
Hold up... click-clack, okay I'm reloaded
Fuck with Lil Tunechi, I'm good I'm Gucci
Wild as Ryu, I hit you with that Hadouken
My money too long, nigga; my weed too strong, nigga
Fuck EVERYBODY, I'm in my own zone nigga 
Uh! And every time you see me, I'm wet and I'm rollin
Tunechi rest in peace, fresh to death, and I'm rollin 
About to fuck a bitch, I just met 'cause she rollin
Nigga we rollin, nigga I'm rollin
Gotta keep a towel, I'ma sweat 'cause I'm rollin 
Goin' at bitch nigga neck, 'cause I'm rollin
Damn ma! I ain't cum yet, 'cause I'm rollin 
BITCH~! I'm rolling
Young Mula, baby! Sorry 4 the Wait...{"One big room, full of bad..." - *4X*}
Sorry 4 the Wait! Yeah!
{"One big room, full of bad..." - *4X*}
Taz pushed the album back, man.. SORRY!

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, Fu' got the weed, Marl' got the gun
They say numbers don't lie bitch, I'm not the one
Hammers in your face, this is not a dream
and you gettin every page of this magazine
Bumpin UGK, talkin about a +Murder+
We roll the Dr. J and then we light the Julius Erving
I got pussy on the way, and pussy on the way out
Life is a beach and these hoes tryna lay out
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl, call it Lady Gaga
Glock 4-tini, nia colada 
Suck, swallow, semen saliva
I'm goin at'cha collar, fuck you ho niggaz
Weezy go hard, you bitches go figure
Diamonds in my teeth like I'm a fuckin dope dealer
You're a dead man walkin, Michael Jackson Thriller
I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches, YEAAAH~!

{"One big room, full of bad..." - *4X*}
Uh.. Uh, it goes
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl, call it Lady Gaga
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the toolie, fuck around and pop ya..

Back where I started on my set, in black
All chrome Glock lookin like a platinum plaque
We don't pack extra clips, we pack extra gats
And all my hoes dirty like welcome mats
'Til the wheels fall off, I can fix a flat
If ya scared, go to church and get a scripture tat
Guns the size of children, now don't be childish
Be with wild-ass niggaz, and I am the wildest
I'm a motherfucker, call me Weezy, baby
And on the end of the barrel, I got a sweet potato
My life is a movie, I got a leading lady
My rooftop drop back like Tom Brady
I got the world in my hands, skateboard and my Vans
And all my boys stay strapped like we live in Iran
I know what I can do, so bitch I do what I can
Drop that Sorry 4 the Wait, man, I'm just sayin
I-I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches, YEAH~!
HAHA!

Aiyyo, I-I, yo..WHOA!
Aiyyo, Kreayshawn you can get it! (Sorry 4 the WAIT!)
Yo, yo Kreayshawn you can get it.. (BP, I see you)
Straight up (Fucci baby) ...You can get it
(Mike Banger) Hahaha, by the Golden Gate Bridge, hahaha!
Uh-huh... (Scoo-Scoo, what's good) ..by the Golden Gate Bridge!
Hood, I see you... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! (I'm gone)
Sorry 4 the Wait...[Lil Wayne]
Uh...
Dana texted me and say she wanna see me..
Then send a picture of her in a mirror..
No clothes on, of course..  
She want that dope dick; hello world, I'm the dope dealer..
I love it when she talk crazy..
That dick make her walk crazy..
That last time was awesome..
All the lines, we crossed them..
I ain't a killer, but don't push me
I OJ Simpson that pussy
Hehe, that's the shit 
Pussy taste so good make you smack ya lips
I don't know about you, but I'm a beast with mine
She said she waitin for "Tha Carter 69"
Heh, I told her "Sorry 4 The Wait"
I value her time like an Audemars-Piguet
And we gon' stay current like the water in the lake
Yeah, we gon' fuck around like we fuckin in a circle
Heh, pardon the slur, that's the purple
It feel so real like it's virtual
Any kind of position, she's versatile
Man, she take it every way except personal, haha
Yeah, that's my bitch 
Pussy wetter than a wishing well, I wish 
I was in it right now instead of makin this song
Hut one, hut two, I run it in the end zone
Don't trip when I say I cain't see ya
And she say she workin on her career
Smoke got our eyes lookin like we from Korea
We floatin, but I'ma +Rock the Boat+ like Aaliyah 
R.I.P., shawty got me
But shawty knows I fucks her with her hard body
Shawty fine by me, spend some time by me
It's a jungle out there, come and climb my tree
I know it's on your mind...fine... 
And we can do whatever that is
She tell me that it's fine... I say fine... 
Shit, I was taught to live and let live 
So gon' live it up baby, giddyup baby
It's your world, ain't tryin to interrupt, but
maybe we movin too fast, but fuck it let's crash
One day we gonna have to leave our love in the past
But for now, I feel lovely, I feel great
Slide in her -- safe
Hehe yeah-yeah, all that good shit
No I ain't a player, I just play her by the bush
And I know what I'm doing and she love how I do it 
She throw that ass back and she never over-do it 
She call me baby and I call her bay  
Sorry 4 the Wait, "Carter IV" on the way~!
August 29...

Hehahah! Yeah.. Fuck with me Drizzy, gone[Lil Wayne]
Uh, kush and a Swisher, money over bitches
Never kill a woman, unless she a witness
All about my business, survival of the fittest
She let me hide my weed in her titties
Bitch, I got the cash... in a rubberband
I got the Glock... already cocked - BOOM
Fuckin witta nigga, meet my muddahfuckin goons
Sorry 4 the Wait, Carter IV comin soon
Light it up... 'cause I'ma smoker
She tried to deep throat, I fucked around and choked her
It's Young Money muddahfucker game over
Shots leave your body lookin like you doin yoga
And Lord knows I am a sinner, pain pills for dinner
Bitch I'm gettin money like I got a money printer
Got a chopper and a trimmer, shootin like Jimmer
You comin in that water boy, you better be a swimmer
I ain't worryin 'bout y'all, I'm sittin in my hog
While Ms. Anita Baker say +You Bringing Me Joy+
I came straight outta jail and did my thing on these boys
And we all yell, "FUCK YOU BITCH!"and kept goin
I'm on... and that's right, baby
I ain't goin out this bitch without a fight, baby
One request, please don't bite, baby
I got some bomb-ass pussy from a white lady
I ain't lyin, I'ma shine like a nickel or a diamond
I smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off of my mind
Girl... stop talkin that shit
Gon' suck a nigga dick for a new outfit
...And even if the sky come fallin
...Bitch I'ma still be high
I got faith in my weed. man
But lil' niggaz got yay by the bean bag
Hit yo' ass from the side like a screen pass
And that red bandana is the team flag
Yeaaaah, all up in ya fucking face
'Tez pushed the album back, sorry 4 the Wait

Yeah, yeah, yeah.. Uh-huh...[Lil Wayne]
I got a whole lotta money, pop that pussy for me
My homie got that yopper, he'll bang it at a copper
Ay! Gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party
Stove on my waist, cook yo' ass up - gourmet
All-black .44, do you want fo'play?
I'm goin at your face like Oil of Olay
No champagne, but you know my flag Ros
Swagger on steroids -- Canseco, Jos
No Limit Records, we so +Bout It, Bout It+
I'm higher than a bitch, feel like I climbed a fuckin mountain
Illest nigga you know, my accountant's still countin
Shot hit him a minute ago, but his body's still bouncin
Beam on the hammer, beam on ya forehead
Gotta kill the witnesses 'cause Birdman car red
Hollygrove Monster, Eagle Street creature
Come to your funeral, kill everybody but the preacher
I live in Miami, nigga I'll South Beach ya
Robin Leach, uh, THAT'S how we ballin
You know that I'm loaded, but please don't think it's sweeter
Beat one of you bitch niggaz up like John Cena
Them hoes on Young Money, tell them hoes we comin
Boy, we get it poppin, we ain't savin hoes, we swappin
Yeah, gangsta party, gangsta party, gangsta party
Big head Desert Eagle, call it shotty
How'd you get that money? Stunna taught me that
That Zan took me under, patron brought me back
I'm leanin on these muddahfuckers like I caught a flat
And that Glock snap back like a old Starter hat, HA~!
What the lick read? I'm in the big league
I'm a breath of fresh air, let the bitch breathe!
I'm tryna to chillax but I had to do it, death
I'm at the funeral like "I had to do it, Rev!"
Mack you my big brother, I split a wig for you
Put that on their repeat, until they bury me
Moment of clarity, yeah that's my diamond game
I keep a fine bitch, 'cause I like the finer things
He-haha! ...Fuck with me slime
No brain on the whip, I've got nothin in mind, haha
Carter IV! They ain't fuckin with mine
I drop that "Sorry 4 the Wait" to make up for the time, YEA!

[Lil B]
Yeah I do my thang, bitch what's up?
Young Based God, came in with the ballers
Iced-out chain, bitch, I'm rich off that same shit
Sixty-five hoes on my dick, bitch it's Christmas
Straight Westside, Bay Area bitch I'll grave em
Pretty boy shit, Based God from the angles
On like a cradle and you niggaz can't stop me
Shouts out to Mack Maine, gettin rich and cocky
Bitch it's still Westside, shouts out to Weezy
Young Based God with that fifty-five heater
187 bitch, I-I pull a 2-11 bitch
With that tiny shirt mayne, and that...tiny pants mayne (Meow...swag!)
I'm on Based World and I fuck wit, Cash Money niggaz
Don't understand man, the game like a chain, mayne
That WOO! WOO! Swag, bitch! Brr-rang-dang-dang-dang mayne
Bruh, off the top, I'm a Wolfpack hitter
Man, my life just a painting, and I, paint you a picture, mayne
Think about it. a young paid-ass nigga
This that stuntin music, yeah bitch, I just dos it
It's Lil B, and I'll muh'fuckin prove it, we run it!

(Swag!) Manye, shouts out to Lil Wayne, baby
(Shouts out to New Orleans!) 
I can't believe niggaz gettin money down there FUCK with me!
SWAG! (Weezy, I see you, what it do?)
Motherfucker party with bitches mayne, what it do?
(EH-HEHEHEHEHEH!) Yeah... Ayyyyy![Lil Wayne]
{*lights lighter*} Yeah...

Uh, let's get fucked up
On the road to riches, you're just a speed bump
Funny how the heater make a nigga freeze up
We smoke a tree down 'til it's just a tree stump
That Eastside nigga, bang on you bitches
I'm goin at'cha neck, strangle you bitches
Got a long-ass list full of bad-ass bitches
and I stay burned out like a bad transmission
I'm on, like the lights I lights up
The kush knocked out, Mike Tyson fights
I'm talkin 'bout ass and titties, Sex and the City
Weezy F. Baby and the F is for "Forget it"
I'm lovin my shine, sippin on fine wine
Up in some fine dime, then she give me Einstein
Young Money muddahfucker, yeah we picked a fine time
I'm a 17 nigga, bitch I don't mind dyin, man
I just ended up on, er'ry bitch's sex list
Genie in the bottle, get a motherfuckin deathwish
Thugga in this bitch, he say, "Fuck y'all niggaz"
Breakin buds down the size of a football nigga
Red beam, +Gimme the Light+, no Sean Paul, nigga
Let nina bust in ya face like a porn star nigga
Yeah I keep the Brian Pumper, no homo
The shit I'm on got the world moving in slo-mo
Man, I told Mack I was gon' do it
Above the law, but under the influence
Man, I was on the skateboard, kick push swagger
Got my girl to the room, got behind her like a shadow
I had her, ass up in the air
I swear I got, I sweart I got the largest clip in the world
Right here in my gat, yah
And I wish a nigga play, I'ma bust a nigga ass
Hate Young Money? Then fuck you in the ass
187, and a hockey mask, haha! 
YMCMB gonna ball, 'til we fall 
And this fuck all y'all, haha
Gonna ball til we fall, and this fuck all y'all
We straight, Sorry 4 the Wait
Yah!

I'm foolin in this bitchm, yeah...
Shout out to my nigga Term, shout out my lil brother Carpo
Shout out to the big homie Gash, shout out to my nigga Minnish
Shout to my nigga Top Dog, my nigga Jay, yeah..
Uh... Five, I see you, metter fact I be you, nigga
Yeah... Shout out to all my amus, you already know what it is
If you under the fire.. Fuck with me
Yah! Swag stupid man...Stupid mack-nupid, man..
"CARTER IV" COMING SOON, YEAAAAH~!!
Sorry 4 the Wait, Sorry 4 the Wait
Detail, I be you nigga..Hands up in the air
I just want the-I just want the 
Baddest bitch in the world, right here on my lap, yeaaah
Hah! Fuck witta nigga man. It's Young Money 'til I die
We run this shit... CATCH UP, NIGGAZ!Ain't nobody fuckin with me
First degree murder, you can get your degree
Motherfucker
And you ain't gotta wonder 'bout me wonder woman
Tune gonna ball, money tall, Paul Bunyan
Real nigga shit, pussy niggaz gon hate
Pound of the Kush call that bitch pound cake
I hit it from the back
And make that bitch about face
And then I gotta split
I'm sorry baby, sour grapes
She wine, baby don't leave
I duck that bullshit, bob and weave
Everybody tripping, but I ain't never tripping
Leave your ass flatter than my new television
I'm talking about money and the power
Power and the money
This shit is magic Stan Van Gundy
Ima run this shit till I'm the last man runnin
Mack light that shit, then pass that to me
Young Money motherfucker yeah
We the shit, yeah Weezy go hard like Cialis
Don't love that bitch, I fucked that ho
She pop X I smoke O's tic-tac-toe
And I stink cause I got alot of shit on my mind
They say numbers don't lie, is that a 6 or a 9?
I stand infront of the clock
Cause I'm ahead of the time
Knock your pussy ass off
And send your head to your mom
I ain't playing with niggaz, no sir not me
And they can't blindfold what my third eye see
Yeah I was locked up, but like a bird I'm free
And the coupe transform, no Tyrese
Hello Goodbye, where are you Wayne?
I'm somewhere inbetween joy and pain
And I reach for the stars, got stuck in the clouds
Got high as a bitch and left my love on the ground
Now ain't that about a bitch?
It ain't never about a bitch
Ill take your bitch and make her everybody bitch
Backed up by a bunch of G ass niggaz
And I just bought your girlfriend some knee pads nigga
Eagle street where the real niggaz hung
Ima rep that shit till Kingdom come
Yeah Sharp brang the drank, I bring the blunts
Fucking with me its blood, brains or guts
Fuck yall for real though
Sleep with the hammer under the pillow
Get into the room, bend her over like her elbows
Soon as I'm done peel off like velcro, Gone
Baby I'm stoned, smoking on the strong
Got a huge ass bong, swag off the hook
You can't use that phone
Stopped at the light and put my roof back on
One time for the G's, the niggaz got it lock'd
The niggaz with the keys, The niggaz on the block
The niggaz on they P's and Q's
Put your bitch ass on the evening news
Jumping in the game better read the rules
High as a bitch yeah that's me on the moon
Fuck with me die soon, not late
And I'm sorry for the motherfucking wait
Tunechi[Lil Wayne]
Ha ha~! Uhh
Man fuck them bitches, and them hoes
And them niggaz pussies, heh, camel toes
I got some money on me, and the weed nice
My shit won't ever stop, suck my green light
Bitch it's Carter IV, murder's all she wrote
Now it's fuck everybody, like a Scorpio
Still runnin shit, I'm on my cardio
Boy I'm goin in, like my water broke
Suicide note, suicide doors
I put in overtime, like a tied score
Tinted windows bitch, that mean mind yours
And the weed loud, like a lion's roar
Stare into the eyes, the eyes of forever
Hear no evil, see no evil - Helen Keller
No music on, rock it acapella
And I don't need a watch, the time is now or never
Tell my niggaz love, I die behind this shit
A nigga countin money, you niggaz counterfeit
Real nigga, nigga - proud of what I am
Young Money is an army, bitch I'm Uncle Sam
Them hoes call me Tunechi, mama call me Tune'
I left the bullshit, in the waitin room
Straight to the money, no short cuts
Now watch me go retarded, yellow short bus
We do drive-bys, we do walk-ups
and bitch I be so high, I get star struck
Millz in this bitch, he said fuck them hoes
And the jewelry bright, like summer clothes
And I keep some +Bud+, like Rudy Huxtable
I'm bout to slam the beat, nigga Dusty Rhodes
I'm from Eagle Street, I go Hercules
I get on the beat, murder first degree
Y.M.C.M.B., we don't give a fuck
You faker than some titties, you get tittie fucked
Ha~! This the best-worst feelin
And nigga if I die I die a death worth livin
Uhh... this that textbook G shit
I've been in that water but I've never been sea sick
Yeah, knock me I knock your face off
Life's a crazy bitch - Grace Jones
Mind of a genius, with a heart of stone
Ha! C4, Mr. Carter's home {*echoes*}[Lil Wayne]
I live it up like these are my last days
If time is money, I'm an hour past paid
Ughh, gunpowder in my hourglass
Niggaz faker than some flour in a powder bag
Yeah, I put it down like my hands hurtin
I'm on a natural high, but I land perfect
Some of us are lovers, most of y'all haters
But I put up a wall, and they just wallpaper
So love or hate me, I stay hate-free
They say we learn from mistakes, that's why they mistake me
I got some weight on my shoulders, to me it's like feathers
All hail Weezy, call it bad weather
I stick to the script, I memorize the lines
'Cause life is a movie that I've seen too many times
You're on the outside lookin in, close the blinds
And they say never say never, but fuck it never mind
I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home

[Chorus]
I'm a blunt blowin', Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga
With my money growin, no matter where you goin
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga
I'm a blunt blowin', Polo draws showin'
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga
With my money blowin, don't matter I got more and
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga

[Lil Wayne]
Stunna, I got em, I'm back on them bitches
All about my riches, my name should be Richard
Cut the bullshit out, I'm ample with the scissors
Life is a choice, and death is a decision
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch
I still got the vision like a line between two dots
Young Money's eatin, the label gettin fatter
And yeah, the tables turned, but I'm still sittin at 'em
I'm a bad motherfucker, cuz the good die young
Everybody sellin dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one
Man when that cookie crumble, everybody want a crumb
Shoot that humming bird down, humming bird don't hum, yeah
Big money, big money, deep pockets
Money talks and muh'fuckers eavesdroppin
Bunch of bloods, you could call it blood clottin
East side, my Parodamo

[Chorus 2]
I'm a blunt blowin, Polo draws showin
I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga
With my teeth glowin, I'm on my Deebowin'
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga
I'm a blunt blowin, Polo draws showin
I-I don't give a lovely motherfuck ass nigga
With my money blowin, no matter where you goin
You don't need a bus pass, for me to bust your ass nigga

[Verse 3]
Light that Ashton Kutcher, I'm a limit pusher
Y'all dead meat, and me I'm just a butcher
I do it for the money, man I am such a hooker
And freedom was my girl, until they fuckin took her
You can look into the future, it's right behind your eyelids
But I don't wanna know, 'cause shit I like surprises
Why that, why this, why you on that why shit?
Motherfucker ask me why, I say YM
Beach bum, call me ocean drive slim
Drop the top, look up and make the sky grim
Young Moolah, skinnies and some supras
Belly of the beast till it puke us
Muh'fucker

[Chorus 2]

[Outro]
I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
[repeat 3x]
Hello Weezy, welcome home
It's Young Moolah, baby
Young Moolah, baby
Bitch I've been gone too long
True or false, right or wrong
Hello Weezy, welcome home... YEAH[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
Faded off the kush I'm gone
Only 2 years old when daddy used to bring them hookers home
Looking like my grandmaw, my niggas got that ammo
We jack son then light up that "L", Samuel
Tucci in this bitch nigga, y'all niggas bitch niggas
Rats gone rat and snakes gone hiss nigga
Baseball rich nigga, do this shit for all my homies
Where them bad bitches at? Come and put that pussy on me
Tucci you a murderer, boy you just be killing shit
Yeah you know that money talk, I am the ventriloquist
Tranquilizer in the trunk, put your ass to sleep man
Birdman Jr. got the world in my wingspan
How you niggas want it? Have it your way, Burger King
I get deep in that pussy, dig her out, surgery
Fucking with a real nigga, fucking right, certainly
Break in your fucking home, take your life, burglary
Woah nigga, die slow nigga, for dear life you're holding on En Vogue nigga
Unload nigga, reload nigga, tools on deck, Home Depot nigga
Well if life is a bitch, then mine a gold digger
And all my bitches nasty like a cold dinner
Everyday I go so hard and work my ass off
I'm good, I'm 100 like a fastball
It's Carter 4!
(I'm going back in man)
(Yeah)

[Verse 2 - Lil Wayne]
We get fuck y'all money, how you want to play it?
That AK sleep on the side of my bed
That's one eye closed, one eye open
Your cap get peeled like I-B-Profen
I'm sick, I'm ill, I ain't the nigga to fuck with
This a crazy world and life is shorter than Bushwick
Young Money man we got this shit by a land slide
Boy I send them bloods at your ass like a tampon
Uptown shit, wet the whole party, Weezy gone ball
Ball like Steve Harvey, the heater I'm a tuck her
Tuck her like D. Lawrence, that's my word like, word like the-saurus
I don't see no future in your fronting, I be stunting hard
Rap game dependent on me like a bungee cord
Fear nobody but God almighty
Shoot that motherfucker till I get arthritis
I'm a beast, I'm a ass, I'm ahead of my class
I'm a diamond in the rough like a baby in the trash
I don't talk it, I live it. I paint a picture vivid
And them pistols popping like they sitting in a skillet
I go so hard, I go so mean, I'm so New Orleans
Told the judge I couldn't budge, it was him or me
Forget the bullshit and remember me
(*laugh*)[Intro/Chorus]
Six foot, seven foot, eight foot, bunch!
Six-six foot, seven foot, eight foot, bunch!

[Lil Wayne]
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a spritzer
Swagger down pat, call my shit Patricia
Young Money militia, and I am the commissioner
Yadon't want start Weezy cause the F is for Finisher
So misunderstood, but what's a world without enigma?
Two bitches at the same time, synchronized swimmers
Got the girl twisted cause she open when you twist her
Never met the bitch, but I fuck her like I missed her
Life is the bitch, and death is her sister
Sleep is the cousin what a fuckin family picture
You know Father Time, and we all know Mother Nature
It's all in the family but I am of no relation
No matter who's buyin, I'm a celebration
Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
Fuck that shit, my money up, you niggaz just Honey Nut
Young Money runnin shit and you niggaz just runner-ups
I don't feel I done enough so I'ma keep on doin this shit
Lil Tunechi or Young Tunafish...

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah.. I'm goin back in, okay
I lost my mind, it's somewhere out there stranded
I think you stand under me, if you don't understand me
Had my heart broken by this woman named Tammy
But hoes gon' be hoes so I couldn't blame Tammy
Just talked to moms, told her she the sweetest
I beat the beat up, call it self defense
Swear man I be seein through these niggaz like sequins
Niggaz think they He-Men, pow, pow, the end
Talkin to myself because I am my own consultant
Married to the money, fuck the world, that's adultery
You full of shit, you close your mouth and let yo' ass talk
Young Money eating, all you haters do is add salt
Stop playin bitch, I got this game on deadbolt
Mind so sharp, I fuck around and cut my head off
Real nigga, all day and tomorrow
But these muh'fuckers talkin crazy like they jaw broke
Glass half empty, half full I'll spill ya
Try me and run into a wall outfielder
You know I'ma ball 'til they turn off the field lights
The fruits of my labor, I enjoy 'em while they still ripe
Bitch stop playin, I do it like a king do
If these niggaz animals, then I'ma have a mink soon
Tell them bitches I say put my name on the wall
I speak the truth, but I guess that's a foreign language to y'all
And I call it like I see it... and my glasses on
But most of y'all don't get the picture 'less the flash is on
Satisfied with nothin, you don't know the half of it
Young Money, Cash Money...
Paper chasin tell that paper look I'm right behind ya
Bitch real G's move in silence like lasagna
People say I'm borderline crazy, sorta kinda
Woman of my dreams, I don't sleep so I can't find her
You niggaz are gelatin, peanuts to an elephant
I got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Yeah, with a swag you would kill for
Money too strong, pockets on bodybuilder
Jumped in a wishin well, now wish me well
Tell them kiss my ass~! Call it kiss and tell

[Cory Gunz]
Yeahhhhh
Word to my mama I'm outta my lima bean
Don't wanna see what that drama mean, get some Dramamine
Llama scream, hotter than summer sun on a Ghana queen
Now all I want is hits, bitch, Wayne signed a fiend
I-I played the side for you niggaz that's tryin to front and see
Son of Gunz, Son of Sam, you niggaz the son of me!
Pause for this dumber speech, I glow like Buddha
Disturb me, and you'll be all over the flow like Luda'
Bitch I flow like scuba, bitch I'm bold like Kiva
And I keep a killer hoe, she gon' blow right through ya
I be macking 'bout my stackin and now I pack like a mover
Shout to Ratchet for backin out on behalf of my shooter
Niggaz think they high as I, I come laugh at your ruler
Cash Money cold bitch, but our actions is cooler
Wayne, these niggaz out they mind
I done told these fuck niggaz so many times
That I keep them bucks steady on my mind
Tuck these, I fuck these on your mind, pause
to feed them on my grind, did I get a little love?
Keep throwin my sign in the middle
Hit 'em up, piece on my side
Cause ain't no peace on my side - bitch~!
I'm a man, I visit urinals abroad
Tune tell me to I'm shootin when the funeral outside

[Chorus]

[Cory Gunz - over Chorus]
I'm Uptown, thoroughbred, a BX nigga, ya heard?
Gunna[Lil Wayne]
Sleepin at the top, nightmares of the bottom
Everybody want to be fly til you swat 'em
But who am I to talk? I ain't shittin roses
We in the same picture but we all got different poses
Now I'm lookin in my rearview; I see the world in it
I try to slow down, and I get rear ended
Pause! Like a red light I'm dead right
+Highway to Heaven+, God do you see my headlights?
They say you don't know what you're doin 'til you stop doin it
Well call me clueless cause I do this
Attention all shooters, I'm a shootin star
Life is a course, and I'ma shoot for par
Searchin for today, instead I found tomorrow
And I put that shit right back man I'll see what I find tomorrow
Young Money CMR, blood like a scar
Weezy F baby and the F ain't for Flaw, uhhh
Uhh! Yup, yup, yup, yup

[Lil Wayne]
It's like I have it all, but I don't have to worry
Married to the money, a true love story
Only God can judge me, I don't need a jury
Nothing standin in my way like nothing's my security
Back to my journey, that bullshit don't concern me
If I knew I was going to jail I would have fucked my attorney
If you sleepin on me nigga, then I hope you toss and turnin
I'm so cold I'm hypothermic, ask your bitch she will confirm it
Yeah~! Now what we doin with it?
Keep openin your grill, I'm barbecuin with it
I know my shit already tight so I ain't screwin with it
Some say this game is a joke, well I hope they get it
Okay I'm walkin on needles, stickin to the point
Yeah the streets is talkin I'm familiar with the voice
I'm a gangster by choice I hope my sons choose wiser
And don't call me sir, call me sur-vivor, uhh
Yeah! Uhh... hehehe
Yup! Yup! Yup! Yup!

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, call me killer cause I make a killin
I got this shit wrapped up, bow and a ribbon
That's them twin Glocks, you could call 'em siblings
And them bullets travel, better hope I keep dribblin
I touch the sky, get the clouds out my fingernails
These bitches think they fly like Tinkerbell
But they all on my +Wire+ like Stringer Bell
I let 'em be, cause you know how that stinger feel
Know how to whip that white girl, I can spank her tail
And I fuck up any track - train derail
Know how to roll, never need trainin wheels
And when the truth hurts, I pop pain pills
Uhh, all or nothin or nothin else
I bleed reality; I should cut myself
Just had a bowl of riches, and a cup of wealth
And the F is for +Fuck Yourself+
Uhh! Yeah, and I ain't doin nuttin
but gettin my share, breathin this air
And Mack moms told me she gonna keep me in her prayers
So I'm feelin alright, I'm tryin to stay aware
And if you wanna trip, then I'ma meet you there
To my niggaz in the game, keep the game fair
Players play, coaches coach, and cheerleaders cheer
I'm tryin to keep spirit when the ghosts disappear
Weezy F baby and the F ain't for fear, uhh!{*lights lighter*}
Young Money, yeah...
4...

[Lil Wayne]
{*clears throat*}
I tell her... "Now gon' pop that pussy for a real nigga"
I already know that life is deep, but I still dig her
Niggaz is jealous, but really I could care less
I'm in Hell's Kitchen with an apron and a hairnet
Devil on my shoulder, The Lord is my witness
So on my Libra scale, I'm weighin sins and forgiveness
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Karma is a bitch, well just make sure that bitch is beautiful
Life on the edge, I'm danglin my feet
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Haters can't see me, nose-bleed seats
and today I went shoppin, and talk is still cheap
I rock to the beat of my drum set
I've been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet, hehe
But I'm, Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now jump up on that dick and do a full split 
(Uh!)

[Chorus: Drake]
...She just started to pop it for a nigga 
and looked back, told me "Baby, it's real"
...And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second" 
I squeeze it, I could tell how it feel
...I wish we could take off and go anywhere 
but here, baby you know the deal
But she bad, so maybe she won't 
Uh~! But shit, then again, maybe she will
Yeah, do it for the realest niggaz in the fuckin game right now, she will
Yeah, do it for the realest niggaz in the fuckin game right now, she will
She will, she will, (uh) maybe for the money and the power and the fame right now, she will
She will, she will, (uh) do it for the realest niggaz in the fuckin game right now, she will
She will, she will, she will...

[Lil Wayne]
(Yeah...)
I tell her... "Now gon' pop that pussy for a real nigga"
Haters cain't see me but them bitches still lookin for me
And you could take it to the bank, and deposit that
Put your two cents inm and get a dollar back
Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack
I'm all about +I+, give the rest of the vowels back
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her 'til she cry, call that "wine and dine"
Try to check me and I'ma have 'em checkin pulses
They say choose wisely, that's why I was chosen
Rockin like asphalt, it's the cash's fault
Looked in the face of death, and took its mask off
Now I like my house big and my grass soft
I like my girl face south, and her ass north
But I'm, Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now hop up on that dick and do a full split 
(Uh!)

[Chorus]

{*lights lighter*}
[Wayne] Ladies and gentlemen, Drizzy (Uh!)

[Chorus w/ Wayne "WOOOOOOW" ad-libs][T-Pain]
Ohhh yeahhhhhhhhh! Oh-hooooo
Oh-hoh, oh-hooooooooo
Nooooo you didn't girl...
She owes me everything and she knows it
I've seen all of the scenes in this movie and she blows it at the end
She keeps talkin to me, cause she knows that I'm a friend
But I can't keep hearin it over and over again
I was the one that you came to
when you broke up wit'cha boyfriend, man fuck him
Girl I was the one, that told you fuck them other niggaz
Then you still went and fucked them other niggaz
Most people learn from the bad things
I hope that you learn, and don't crash and burn in the fast lane
But if you read this letter then you caught me
This should explain all the ways that you taught me

[Chorus: T-Pain]
How to hate a bitch, that owe you everythang
At least a wedding rang, movin on to better thangs
So don't you call me talkin 'bout them other fools
I'm not good enough for you I thought that we was cool
Wooo! Ohh-ahh, oh-oh-ahhhh
Ohh-ahh, oh-oh-ahhh
If you need a shoulder to cry on girl I won't listen
I'm through fuckin with these bitch-ass bitches

[Lil Wayne]
And I don't love them hoes
But don't fuck up with Wayne cause when it "Waynes" it pours
No really, I'm on my "fuck that bitch" shit
You used to be the shit but now you ain't shit bitch
I had a redbone, but she be trippin though
All that bullshit is for the birds, she was pigeontoed
She used to always say, fuck my niggaz
And when I went to jail, she fucked my niggaz
Well~! I guess I'm single for tonight
And you can sit right on my middle finger for the night
And if I sound mad, then you caught me
But this should explain, that you're the one that taught me

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
... Coconut Ciroc
Forgive and forget, bitch I already forgot
I'm over the bitch, and she over the top
They say love is the key, somebody changed the lock
Well~! And I wish I never met ya
And I heard you doin you, and you heard I'm doin better
And all I had to do was put two and two together
But that just makes four, but not for-ever, damn
So much for being the perfect couple
I put in overtime, I was workin doubles
I wish you the best - good luck boo
Weezy F, for Fuck You

[T-Pain]
No ain't nothin goin on
Girl I'm movin on, just take yo' ass home
Get away from here, girl I'm so glad you're gone
This is the last song I'm writin for you
Now I see how you can be
I don't want you 'round me
All you do is down me girl
How many years I tried to get ya
Don't even text my phone when it hit ya
Cause girl you're no good to me

[Chorus]

[Outro: T-Pain]
Whoaaaaa, ohhh, ohhhh[Intro]
Carter IV, it's on

[Tech N9ne]
Heart's what it is, watch what the kid drops
I'ma get the prop if you're not with the biz
Not only other regions I really popped at the crib
So hatin motherfuckers you better stop with the jibs
All for the dibs but I'm boss it don't matter what the cost
when I live right across from the Wiz
The Killer City will have a nigga lost in the Mids
Doin nothin but mothers stackin pussy coffin again
What is happenin is a merger, different levels of murder
Lil Weezy cook it and I'ma serve her
Further, guess what I'ma go do wit this women when we're eatin Gerber?
Mama said to kill 'em all and I heard her
Thank you baby for what became Lil Wayne
It's gettin all the people knowin the Strange in the game
I been really able to hang in the fame
But when he shouted my name there's been a change in my lane
{*grrr*} I'm a clusterfucker
lovin nothin but to get your brain
And I be stuck in lust and quick to bust a nut
and take a nigga's dame with no shame
Well they be bustin nothin thinkin they thuggin tough
but never do knuckle up, you in the game, you bang
You drunk and touchin everythang, you lame
Sucker, you cannot sustain the rain
Tech N9ne is such a cuckoo in this
Ballin nigga, Strange Music, Coupe through Swishers
I know a lot of you probably, never knew who this is
Well you listenin to Tecca Nina, soo woo bid'ness~!

[Andre 3000]
Today I feel electric gray, I hope tomorrow neon black
I tell a nigga all those flows are borrowed
It's the phar-aoh, Three Stacks
I woke up in Cai-ro, lookin at stars
So bright in the sky I thought they were marbles
No car do's, what'cha call those?
A whole car load, of raw hoes; in a Jeep Defender
Please remember, don't feed the Simba
Three's a symbol like nobody
He's a symbol of what's safari
Pulled her ponytail to my body
She's the only girl that was smart e-
-nough to call me, Mr. Benjamin
in the middle of a wild party
Skin was cinnamon, I pound it harder
How come the only girls that are thought of
are the light ones? Well tonight then
We gon' do it, do it, do it for the dark ones
It's important, that you are more than
welcome to Tha, Carter IV and
Y'all enjoy it, I will go 'head
And I'll kiss y'all on y'all forehead
Out!"Just saw an alien saucer approaching from the sky.
 Radio contact has been attempted, but cannot be established.
 Instructions are prepare for an attack by an unknown imminent."
 
[Lil Wayne]
Uh...
Fo' fo' bulldog, my muh'fuckin pet
I point it at you and tell that muh'fucker fetch
I'm fuckin her good, she got her legs on my neck
I get pussy, mouth, and ass, call that bitch triple threat
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
But if she get greedy, I'ma starve her to death
Top down, it's upset
Been fuckin the world and nigga I ain't cum yet
You fuck wit me wrong, I knock your head off your neck
The flight too long, I got a bed on the jet
The guns are drawn and I ain't talkin bout a sketch
I pay these niggaz with a reality check
Prepared for the worst but still prayin for the best
This game is a bitch I got my hand up her dress
The money don't sleep, so Weezy can't rest
And AK47 is my fuckin address, huuuuuh
 
[Chorus: Rick Ross, Lil Wayne]
I'm not a star, somebody lied 
I got a chopper in the car (Uh!)
I got a chopper in the car (Uh!)
I got a chopper in the car
   Yeah, load up the choppers like it's December 31st
   Roll up and cock it and hit them niggaz where it hurts
   If I die today, remember me like John Lennon
   Buried in Louis, I'm talkin all brown linen, huh!
 
[Rick Ross]
Big black nigga, in a icey watch
Shoes on the coupe, bitch I got a Nike shop
Count the profits you could bring 'em in a Nike box
Grindin in my Jordans, kick 'em off they might be hot 
SWISH~! I'm swimmin in a yellow bitch
(BOSS!) In the red 911 lookin devilish
Red beam make a bitch nigga sit down
Thought it were bullet proof 'til he got hit the fifth time
Drop Palmolive in a nigga dope
Make it come back even harder than befo' (Yaaah!!)
Baby I'm the only one that paid your car notes (RO-SAY!)
Well connected, got killers off in Chicago
 
[Chorus]
 
[Lil Wayne]
Talk stupid, getcha head popped
I got that +Esther+, bitch I'm Redd Foxx
Big Bs' -- Red Sox
I get money to kill time, dead clocks
You fuckin with a nigga who don't give a fuck
Empty the clip, then roll the window up
Pussy nigga sweet, them niggaz Cinnabon
I'm in a red bitch, she said she finna cum
Two hundred thou' on a chain, I don't need a piece
That banana clip, let Chiquita speak
Dark shades, Eazy-E
Five letters, Y-M-C-M-B
Bitch ass nigga, pussy ass nigga
I see ya lookin, witcha lookin ass nigga
You know the rules, kill 'em all and keep movin
If I died today, it'd be a holiday, huh!
 
[Rick Ross]
I'm not a star, somebody lied 
I got a chopper in the car, so don't make it come alive (Yeah!)
Rip yo ass apart than I put myself together
YMCMB, Double M, we rich forever (HUH!)
The bigger the bullet, the mo' that bitch gon' bang!
Red on the wall, Basquiat when I paint
Red Lamborghini 'til I gave it to my bitch
My first home invasion, pocket gave me forty bricks
Son of a bitch, then I made a great escape
Ain't it funny momma? Only son be bakin cakes
Pull up in the sleigh, hop out like I'm Santa Claus
Niggaz gather 'round, got gifts for each and all of y'all (HAHAHA!!)
Take it home and let it bubble that's the double up
If you get in trouble that just mean you fuckin up (Nigga!)
It's a cold world, I need a bird to cuddle up (Yeaaah)
I call the plays, motherfucker huddle up
 
[Lil Wayne - Outro]
I'm not a star, somebody lied.... 
I got a chopper in the car...
Yeah[Hook 1] 
I see you with your palms in your pants 
But me, me, see me, I got the world in my hands 
I make it spin on my finger 
I'm a critical thinker 
I'm a hell of a smoker, and a bit of a drinker 

[Hook 2] 
I know your name, yeah 
Your name is unimportant
We in the belly of the beast 
And she thinkin bout abortion 

[Verse 1] 
I woke up this morning, dick rock hard 
Ashed my blunt in my grammy award 
You can save your bullshit on your memory card 
If this real nigga business, then you niggas unemployed 
Jumped on the celly, called Makaveli 
He says he was gravy, I say I was jelly 
Looked in the mirror, said "You's an ill nigga" 
Then I ran to the money like track and field nigga
Now I think I'll have me a coffee with six sugars 
In a world full of ass-kissers and dick pullers 
I'm tryin to walk a straight line but the line crooked 
I'm shootin for the stars, astronauts dodge bullets 
Yeah, I bought a brand new attitude 
The haters music to my ears, I got my dancin shoes 
Sometimes we question shit that there is no answer to 
But I just built a house on "I don't give a fuck" avenue 

[Hook 1] 

[Hook 2] 

[Verse 2] 
Down on the ceiling, lookin up at the bed 
Life is a gamble better check the point spread 
And when life sucks, I just enjoy the head 
I'm so sick of these niggas, I need meds 
Smokin on a hallelujah, thank you Jesus 
Help me focus on the future, and not the previous 
Double R, I'm a rebel with a reason 
Sometimes you gotta fight the devil with a demon 
Blood is in the streets and it is up to my knees 
Underground shit, I see myself as a seed 
Livin in the glass, and everybody's lookin
But how can you get the picture, if you don't know who took it? 
This current affairs, but who the hell cares? 
Everybody's fightin over positions, musical chairs 
On the road to redemption, go on and use a few stairs 
I'm just fuckin ready so I come prepared 

[Hook 2] 

[Verse 3] 
And if I could sweat glare, the bombs burstin in air
Life is a roller coaster but still unfair
A blessing in disguise, its right before our eyes
But since it is in disguise, we don't know that its there

[Hook 1] 

I know your name...[Intro: John Legend]
Ohhhhhh, ohh-ohh
So special, you're so special {*2X*}
Ohhhhh ohhhhh, whoahhhhhh
So special, you're so special {*2X*}

[Lil Wayne]
Uhhh! Boy shorts, wife beater
Now let me see it, I'm a sightseer
She was sleepin on me, but she's a light sleeper
I make her cum first, then I follow the leader
I talk shit, I hope it matters
We climax, without the ladder
Can't desert the future, no Nevada
Her body is a weapon, rat-a-tat her
I spent the night in heaven I slept with an angel
And when we finish I swear that pussy said, thank you"
I said "You're very welcome," I'm so well mannered
And I go down South, Louisiana

[Chorus: John Legend]
Baby won't you spend the night
Darling I don't want to wake up and you are not by my side
So special, you're so special {*2X*}
And if you promise me tonight, yeah
Baby that you'll let me in then, I'ma make you feel so special girl
So special, you're so special {*2X*}
Ohhhhhhhhhh!

[Lil Wayne]
Then we take a shower together and wash each other's back
And if she kick it off, I'ma run it back
And then she say my name, like I forgot it
She crazy about that dick, Lorena Bobbitt
Love be the pilot, but it's kamikaze
Yeah body language, girl let's talk about it
Freedom of speech, Weezy a beast
Open her up like a book, read it and weep

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
So special, yeah
Thinkin 'bout you girl got my mind on E
You know them other niggaz ain't me
Girl I got that 12 Play for ya, that 12 Play for ya
Just sit on my grill, that's that tailgate for ya
I, put it together, common denominator
I tear it up like loose leaf paper
I got drinks on chill, my bedroom huge
I knock her lights out; I blow her fuse
See we don't even fuck no mo', we make love
And now she's on the tip of my tongue, my taste buds
Heh cause she my honey bee, yeah buzz buzz
And now I'm itchin and scratchin, that's that love bug

[Chorus]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
I promise
That I got that 12 Play for ya, that 12 Play for ya
The 12 Play for ya[Intro]
Cut the music up
A lil' louder
Yeah

[Chorus]
You had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love... how to love, mmm
You had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner try and put it together
How to love... how to love, mmm
For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare, the way you movin your body
like you never had a love (ay) never had love (ay)

[Lil Wayne]
When you was just a young'un your looks were so precious
But now your grown up, so fly it's like a blessin
but you, can't have a man look at you for five seconds
without you being insecure
You never credit yourself, so when you got older
It's seems like you came back ten times over
Now you're, sittin here, in this damn corner
Lookin through all your thoughts and lookin over your shoulder

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Ohh and you had a lot of dreams that transform to visions
The fact that you saw the world affected all your decisions
But it - wasn't your fault, wasn't in your intentions
To be the one here talkin to me, be the one listenin but
But I admire your poppin bottles and dippin
Just as much as you admire bartendin and strippin baby
So don't be mad, nobody else trippin
You seem a lot of crooks and the crooks still crooked

[Chorus] sans last three lines

[Lil Wayne]
See I just want you to know
That you deserve the best, you're beautiful
You're beautiful, yeah
And I want you to know
You're far from the usual
Far from the usual

[Chorus] - 2X sans last three lines{*lighter flicked, weed inhaled*}

[Lil Wayne]
God bless America...

{Intro: sampled from Jimmy Carter's "Inaugural Address"]
"Carter are you prepared to take the constitutional oath?"
  "I am"
"Would you place your left hand on the Bible and raise your right hand and
repeat after me"
  "I..."

[Chorus: sampled from Jimmy Carter's "Inaugural Address"]
"President Carter"
"Pre-President Carter"
"President Carter"
"Pre-President Carter"
"President Carter"
"Pre-President Carter"
"President Carter"
"Pre-President Carter"

[Lil Wayne]
Sitting on the world, I got life in my hand
So these days I try to think twice when I can
Money on my mind as God as my witness
Love don't live here and it don't even visit
I do this for my Uptown politicians
Walked in the kitchen and found a pot to piss in
Niggaz ain't satisfied until they mama missin
Niggaz ain't satisfied until they mama miss em
Uhh, I'm a monster, exorcisms
Tote tools like mechanics, mechanisms
Uhh, detrimental on any instrumental
I say you rappers sweet, I pay the incidentals
I'm beneficial, I've been official
I say you rappers sweet, tiramisu
Haha~! I like my short cake shorter
Ain't no motherfucker harder than ("I...")

[Chorus w/ Wayne ad-libs: 2X]

[Lil Wayne]
Nobody gives you a chance, you gotta take chances
Ya family tree, I will break branches
Cause I don't give a fuck, I put the ass in assassin
Smoke you like a blunt then it's ashes to ashes
The future is born, put the past in the casket
If real shit is dead then nigga I'm a bastard
Uhh, appetite for disaster
I want a full plate then another plate after
Uhh, yesterday just died
Tomorrow never cried, the days of our lives
When shit get deep I'm never afraid to dive
Let the money pile up and until I'm buried alive
Ask, "Who the fuck want it?" I bring it to your doorbell
Have niggaz in ya yard like a yard sale
Smokin weed, gettin head in the oval office
I changed the stars on the flag into crosses ("I...")

[Chorus w/ Wayne ad-libs: 2X]

[Lil Wayne - talking over Chorus]
Aye man...
So now...
Instead of pledge, we pray
Yeah...

[Lil Wayne]
Ya dead to me, brown grass nigga
I just stand still and let the ground pass nigga
Bullshit for lunch, brown bag nigga
Reality's a bitch and I'ma dance with her
140 pounds, 5'6" from the ground
Bitch I'm in the building you ain't even in the lounge
I tried to fuck the world and couldn't even get aroused
I ain't lookin for the beef but I ain't seen it in a while
Uhh, and we all want world peace
Murder show, I gave yo' ass good seats
Shieet, I'm much more than a good speech
{*clears throat*}

[Outro: unknown speaker]
Gorillas in suits
The holy war, the spiritual troops
Fightin over the mythical truth
Drownin in the political soup
Aha! They shoot missiles and nukes
Takin out such a pivotal group
The body count is the physical proof
And they thought drugs were killin the youth
Hahahaha!
Thank you, thank you all {*echoes*}

I am President Carter! {*echoes*}[Intro]
You who are rich and whose troubles are few
May come around to see my point of view (mm-hmm)
What price the crown of a King on his throne?
When he chained in the dark (HA HA~!) all alone

[Jadakiss]
I'm as real as they come, I follow the rules
I'm still in the hood, but I probably should move
Made enough money, I don't fuck around
I just felt they needed me, so I stuck around
Feds got my man, shit is real son
Cause my Godson just became my real son
Think life is a game, but all you get is a turn
You live and you learn, either you freeze or you burn
Kush in the air, I'm pushin the gears
Love turned into hate, hate turned into fear
If it ain't right, I don't sign the deal
Shoot me in the watch, I got time to kill
Gasoline... propane
Ain't no salary cap in the dope game
Ain't no collective bargainin on cocaine
So in other words nigga, do yo' thang

[Drake]
Mind in one place, heart in another
Please pardon my brother, he's just angry at you niggaz
who don't have yo' heart in yo' rap shit, and got too fuckin comfy
Cause we still fuckin hungry, Young Money got the munchies
Faded, fuckin faded, aww yeah I'm fuckin faded
They tellin lies about me, aww yeah I musta made it
Rikers Island on this flow, eight months for that pistol
But at least they had some bad bitches workin in that shit hole
Ahhh, three visits later, I went and did it major
So fuck the judge, and the jury, and the litigator
Watchin all these kids who thought they had it figured out
And then November came, they let my nigga out

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh~! Stop playin, I ain't with that bullshit
Niggaz act like bitches, Shanaynay, oh my goodness
This is Wayne's World, and y'all are just some tourists
Give me three wishes, I wish I wish I wish you would bitch!
Brand new pussy, pussy good as baby powder
Two glock 40's, nigga you got 80 problems
Swimmin in the money, I'ma need some fuckin goggles
It's better to give, but we don't give a fuck about 'em
I just came home, shit done got real hoe
Lil Weezy-ana, the boot nigga steel toe
I ain't workin with a full deck but I deal hoe
I just touched down, kicked a motherfuckin field goal
Talkin 'bout Baby money? I got your Baby money
Kidnap your bitch, get that "how much you love yo' lady" money
I know you fake nigga, press yo' brakes nigga
I'll take you out, that's a date nigga
I'm a grown ass blood, stop playin with me
Play asshole, and get a ass whippin
I think you pussycat, ha Hello Kitty
I just throw the alley-oop, to Drake Griffin
I lay 'em down, Tempurpedic
This shit's a game of chess, you niggaz think it's cleavage
It's Young Money, yeah 'tis the season
I give you the business, bitch this a business meeting
My niggaz hungry, my bitches greedy
Will I die a bloody murder? Dear Mr. Ouija
Nigga I'm straight, my girl a faggot
Potato on the barrel, pop pop, tater salad
UHHH~![Intro/Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I stepped on a flower, foot on the petal/pedal
Good wasn't home, so I settled for better
I'm on my way to get it, but get it got shot
So I guess I gotta work with the little bit I got
Now I'm like "Heyyyy~! I like the view from here"
I'm so high I can't see you from here
Both eyes on the money, it's lookin back at me
Man, these bitches just lookin for a daddy
Pussy and problems, can't live without 'em
The weed too loud, turn up the volume
Richer than a bitch, but I can't buy tomorrow
That's why I go hard ho (That's why I go hard ho)

[Lil Wayne]
God bless the world, and most people in it
It's anybody's game, but nobody's winnin
Mona Lisa smile, that bitch barely grinnin
Take you off the face of the Earth like a blemish
We went from +Boyz+ to menace, Menace II Society
Now we get higher/hi-ya, call that shit karate
Blame it on the money, the money is the bad guy
Smoke so much good, I don't even have a bad side
Yeah, I got a pussy hangover
Bitches eat me up like my name is Russell Stover
Murder the perception, make 'em get it right
If I'm flirtin with affection, I'm fuckin her tonight
I'm a Southerner's delight, Louisiana pride
The belly of the beast, it ate me alive
Tell them bitches they'll never take me alive
And today I took a walk outside

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, and we all kiss our mommas
Cause promises are broken but tomorrow is a promise
Think I'm gettin sick I'm feelin ill-legal
And not havin money is the root of all evil
Life is a midget, so try to live it up
It's Dr. Carter bitch, I got this shit nipped and tucked
If these walls could talk, they'd probably won't shut up
I need some wallpaper, before they start to fuss
Yeah! Pick up the phone and call your bluff
Call Mitchell Carmone, now my pockets all buff
I don't think about the future, it comes soon enough
Motherfucker I don't shoot you, bitch I shoot you up
I ain't ride with these niggaz, I don't like these niggaz
I just roll another joint, like Spike Lee nigga
When I woke up this mornin, got the coal out my eyes
And then I took a walk outside

[Chorus]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Stop playin!
Run up in your fuckin mouth, nigga!!
{*laughing*}
Yeah, I'm beside myself
So that make two of me
NIGGUH~!!{*lighter flicked, weed inhaled*}

[Lil Wayne]
With everything happening today
You don't know whether you're comin or goin
But, you think that you're on your way
Life lined up on the mirror don't blow it
Woo~! Look at me when I'm talkin to you
You lookin at me but I'm lookin through you
I see the blood in your eyes
I see the love in disguise
I see the pain hidden in your pride
I see you're not satisfied
And I don't see nobody else
I see myself, I'm lookin at the

[Chorus: Bruno Mars]
Mirror on the wall, here we are again
Through my rise and fall, you've been my only fan
You told me that they can, understand the man I am
So why are we, here, talkin to each other agai-ai-ai-ain

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, I see the truth in your lies
I see nobody by your side
But I'm with you when you're all alone
And you correct me when I'm lookin wrong
I see the guilt beneath the shame
I see your soul through your window pain
I see the scars that remain
I see Wayne, I'm lookin at the

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Lookin at me now, I can see my past
Damn~! I look just like my fuckin dad
Light it up, that's smoke and mirrors
I even look good in the broken mirror
I see my momma smile that's a blessin
I see the change, I see the message
And no message could been any clearer
So I'm startin with the man in the

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - talking over Chorus]
MJ taught me that
Uhh, take 'em to Mars man
Uhh... {*echoes*}

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus again]
Yeah
Any questions?
I come to you
You always have the answer

[Bruno Mars]
Mirror on the wall

[Lil Wayne]
Ay BP
Looks like I did take 'em to Mars this time

[Bruno Mars]
So why are we, talkin to each other again[Lil Wayne]
Uhh! Two shots of whatever, two shots of whatever
It's like tug-of-war, tryin to pull myself together
I could probably do better, but probably's like never
I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser
Goons in this bitch, leave a nigga on a stretcher
It's all there poppa, you ain't even got to measure
Laughing at how my old bitches look jealous
Well what goes around comes around - propellers
Mon-money over bitches, M.O.B., goodfellas
Cut her ears off, ain't shit she could tell us
Write your name on the bullet that's a fuckin love letter
If I ain't a trendin topic, I'ma fuckin trendsetter
Hehe! Uhh

[Chorus]
I'm on two shots of whatever, two shots of whatever
Man it's like tug-of-war, tryin to pull myself together
I could probably do better, but probably's like never
I'm a pimp under pressure leave my money on the dresser

[Lil Wayne]
If you're scared, go to church, Mason Betha
Sometimes the paper chase could be like chasin a leopard
The pussy wetter, we-wetter than it's ever been	
But she gon' probably try to cross the line like a Mexican
I ain't on that bullshit, shawty fine as fuck though
Now she kiss me on my neck, I hope she ain't cutthroat
Cut down on the syrup, cause it made me fuck slow
Shoot so many times, I'ma choke off the gun smoke
Life, death, love, hate, pleasure, pain
Pay me no mind, but I don't have change
I cock back and aim at your membrane
Broad day, no mask, close range
Bop bop! Ha ha...
You can get two shots from wherever, two shots from whoever
It be like a puzzle tryin to put you back together
I should probably do better, but probably whatever

[Lil Wayne]
Your bullshit is stinkin up the place
Me-me no take bad up, me a done de place
Cain't let these bitch niggaz slide, and touch base
I make her cum so many times call her Nut Case
It's Young Money baby, take your clothes off
Give me them three holes - uhh, bowling ball
Ha ha~! Two shots of whatever
Keep them bitches comin, and she gon' do whatever

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Two shots of whatever, two shots of whatever[Lil Wayne]
Up up and away
Up up and away
Up, up up and away
Uhh, yeah
I'm about to go

Up up and away, dick in your mouth, fuck what you say
You sweet as pie, a muffin and cake
Dick in her mouth, I'm fuckin her face
Live for the night, sleep in the day
You high as fuck, sleep it away
I am a dog you should keep in the gate
Pussy, hmm, how sweet is the taste?
Gun to your head, what you peepin to say?
Weezy bitch, I'm deep in the space
Floatin away like a leaf in the lake
I'm gone, like, delete and erase
Talk that shit, I walk that shit
Pills, weed, all that shit
If the bitch is bad I'ma call that bitch
Get pussy, ass, all that shit
Uhh, what they talkin 'bout?
I go hard, they soft as a couch
I'm runnin them in, and walkin them out
Cars so cold I park in the house
Flows so raw, this beat is pregnant
Flow so tight, it's yeast infected
Kill 'em all when they least expect it
Money talk, Lisa Leslie
Y.M., C.M.B. connection
Rappers is what I eat for breakfast
Runnin up in my sheets is sexy
If she ain't fuckin she can exit
Gun tucked in the waist
I bust in your face
I ain't got nuttin to say
But, up up and away

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Up up and away, up up and away
Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days
Up up and away, up up and away
Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days
(Weezy!) Yeah (Where you goin?) Up
(You're goin a little bit too far) Haha~!

[Lil Wayne]
Ain't this a bitch?
I just saw my bitch kiss a bitch
You're lucky I don't kill yo' ass
But you can still get pistol whipped
Sharper than a pencil tip
Bitch don't even twitch your lip
40 cal' with the extended clip
Ain't gon be no incident
Skinny jeans, red Vans
Skully on, money long
Her mouth is like my house
so I guess you can say I'm cum'n home
You're whylin out, then we're ridin out
Now you're +Hidin+ out, +Honeycomb+
I'm laughin to the bank
like I just broke my fuckin funny bone
Haha! What's really good five?
I'm over here smokin that really good vibe
Eyes so high I look blind
But the stove on my waist cook time
I be with niggaz that took lives
And niggaz that'll take it outside
And niggaz that'll take it to your crib
take the baby out the crib, and rape the housewives
I'm gon' get so wasted they gon' have to carry me out this bitch
I took over this rap shit, these rappers are just hostages
Let's cut to the chase
My bitch no habla ingles
But I ain't got nothin to say
But, up up and away - uhh~!

[Chorus]

[Interlude]
Up up and away, up up and away
Up up and away, up up and away
Up up and away, up up and away

[Lil Wayne]
Fuck with a nigga if you fuck with a nigga
Fuck with me, good luck to the nigga
Straps On Deck, so fuck that nigga
Leave you lookin like lightning struck that nigga
Stacks On Deck, I'm rich as shit
I'm callin my bitch the shit
Walkin 'round on my fuckin shit
I done did everything on my bucket list
Fuck that shit, I'm superbad
I don't give a hoover damn
Man, I son all these niggaz
They should have a stupid tan
Ha, President Carter
Vote for Lil Wayne
Sit yo' five dollar ass down
'fore I make change
I'm pumping your brakes
I'm jumpin the gates
And I ain't got nothin to say
But, up up and away

[Outro]
(Weezy! Where you goin?)
(You're goin a little bit too far) UHH!
Up up and away, up up and away
Up up and away, up up and away
Up up and away, up up and away... I say
Up up and away, up up and away
Up up and away, up up and away
Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days
Up up and away, up up and away
Man I'm so high, I'll come down in a couple of days
(Come here... I like you)
(You'll have to tickle me or somethin)
(I need to smoke a cigarette)[Intro/Outro]
Raindrops from the clouds
Sun lights up the sky
Hummingbirds do fly

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, ooh, girl, I love you so
Good lord almighty I'm in love with a whitey
I call her Aphrodite, I call her when I need her
And she give me good love 'til my nose start bleedin
Life is just like movin mountains
And when I can't cope, I'm hittin that slope
That great white hope, and there ain't no pressure
I cain't feel nothin but I never felt better
Hmm, but you were just no good for me
Killin me softly, that girl is poison, huh
I had to let you go, take things slow
But just so you know

[Chorus: Kevin Rudolf]
I'll do it all again if I have the chance
Don't feel the pain (don't feel the pain) like novacane (like novacane)
I'll take the whole world on, I'm feelin so strong
Don't feel the pain (don't feel the pain) like novacane (like novacane)
Like novacane

[Lil Wayne]
You used to make me feel so good
Like I was on top of the world
I'm sorry that I gotta stay away from ya
But that's what the doctor preferred
My friends told me leave you alone
And I just told 'em leave me alone
It's sad how our thing had to end
Our reltationship was short and sweet - Nia Long
And I see her in the streets but I can't bring her home
Man I was on her line all day, no phone
Huh, no Arm & Hammer in my Tony Montana
And truth is

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, sweet sugar hill
Yeah I used to climb her
I never imagined she turned out to be but a cheap thrill
That's when it turned sour
She gave me power, the world was ours
I used to feel invincible on that flower
But I had to change, yeah I had to change
So I left her for a bitch named Mary Jane
Now everythang is cool, everythang is fine
Girl I'm movin on, I left you behind
But every now and then you pop up on my mind
I might fuck you one last time cause

[Chorus]

[Intro/Outro][Intro: Lil Wayne] + {Birdman}
(It's a Dramani beat)
{Yeah} Pot the music up!
{You understand me? Y.M., C.M.B.}
{C4, let's go Young} Yeah, uhh

[Lil Wayne]
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I don't be politickub, I'm not political
Fuck you talkin' bout, bitch I'm Kenneth Cole
My goons masked up, +Rey Mysterio+
Bitch eat somethin, I don't like skinny hoes
I hit her from the back, she on her tippie toes
I smoke that +Green Day+, I'm on my Billie Joe
I'm a dog bitch, B-I-N-G-O
I'm a rich ass nigga, you bitch ass nigga
I'm from the school of hard knocks, you skip class nigga
Tell her bust that pussy open, bend it over, bring it back
Get some brain out that hoe and call that hoe a Brainiac

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
Fuck you talkin 'bout? Bitch I'm Kenny Cole
I'm a dog bitch, B-I-N-G-O
Every bad bitch love me, I'm Young Money
Tell 'em pop that pussy for me, pop that pussy for me
And my niggaz got the guns, they aimin for ya skully
Tell 'em pop that pussy for me, pop that pussy for me

[Birdman]
Uptown gangster life!
Made man, +5 Star+ nigga
Ya understand me, give a hundred
and hundreds, one hundred

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah; if you a bad bitch, say fuck them other hoes
I'm in my lane bitch, you a gutter bowl
Boogers in the watch, it got a runny nose
I like a pink pussy, just like a bunny nose
And we are Young Money, the untouchables
I hit her from the back, I make her touch her toes
I'm on that drink baby, I think I'm comotosed
I'm feelin real good, Stevie Wonder-ful
And e'rybody with me strapped, tell them hoes adapt
Shoot 'em in his head he dead before he collapse
Young Money we the crap, no salary cap
Money talks bitch and mines yap yap yap

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
If you a bad bitch, say fuck them other hoes
I'm feelin real good, Stevie Wonder-ful
And we don't talk about it, we do it do it nigga
Shit can get ugly, Patrick Ewing nigga
Them niggaz can't see me, but I see through them niggaz
And fuck the police, on or off duty nigga

[Birdman]
Yeah~! Young Money gunners
Cash Money Mobsters
Hittin shots, one up top
Top flo', brrap

[Lil Wayne]
Alright, alright!! Uhh
I'm on some other shit, I'm stuntin on them hoes
Bitch I'm smokin pot, like I'm on the stove
I'm in this bitch bitch, I'm so Holly Grove
Them hoes treasure me, like a pot of gold
Boy you thin crust, fuckin Dominos
I'm laughin to the bank, this shit is comical
We do it real big, astronomical
I make her fall for me, bitch Geronimo
Now get it poppin for a nigga, whow me what you're workin with
I'm fly as a motherfucker bitch, no turbulence
Please know my niggaz got them pistols for emergencies
I'm lookin for a head doctor for some brain surgery

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I'm laughin to the bank, this shit is comical
I make her fall for me, bitch Geronimo
Fifty shots in the chopper, break 'em off proper
You niggaz can't see me, fuck yo' binoculars~!
I'ma coconut Ciroc'er, a beast like Chewbacca
I'm runnin this shit, I don't even need blockers

[Lil Wayne]
Uh-huh, alright {*3X*}
Alright, alright - yeah

[Birdman - over Wayne]
Priceless, fresh off an island
Hundred mill, bitch we the bid'ness
+5 Star+ gangsta, moolah crazy

[Lil Wayne]
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes
I got some money on me, I'm 'bout to kill these hoes

[Birdman keeps ad libbing until he cuts out][Intro]
Aight
Let's put it in perspective
See +1+, 1 made you realize
+2+ that's when the game became ours
See +3+, that's when we showed you the future!
This here {*echoes*} it's for the sport
Some of you niggaz mad the sport normally happens to be skateboardin
But that gives us +4+ wheels... to roll over you niggaz
+D4+ - a +Dedication+

[Lil Wayne]
She's so sophisticated
She'll catch a nigga nut and then refrigerate it
I wear a rubber and we fuck 'til we dehydrated
I pull it out bust on her face and call her cry baby
I kiss her neck, I kiss her stomach, then I kiss that pussy
And then I eat it from the back, but I don't do crack
And then I get this monster hard and ask her where to put it
She tell me, "Tunechi, hit it raw," I tell her bitch you crazy
Don't want no HIV, don't need that Honeymoon In Vegas
It's Y.M.C.M.B. the fucking alpha and omega
The presidential double R, call that Ronald Reagan
I fuck yo' bitch we come together call that congregatin
I be ballin on these niggaz, Sports Illustrated
Tough in the streets, but you in the court with a statement
Ain't that a bitch and I kill everybody but the babies
Give that bitch nigga the blues 'til he fuckin Navy
Yeah~!

Man I be ridin 'round with that 'yopper, I pop a nigga like {*CLAP*}
All you hoes get topless, suck this dick 'til it's spotless
Too many hoes I got options; I ain't never trippin you could have the bitch
And I'ma send her back with her pussy lips, lookin just like camel lips
You fuckin with some real nigga, blow your fuckin head off
They say life is a bitch, I hope that bitch a redbone
All I know is get money, bitch ain't gettin shit from me
Fuck a six pack, six bullets give you six stomachs
Tell her how that pussy tastes, cause she been eatin pineapples
Throw her back like a quarterback, hit that ass like a linebacker
Put that pussy on me, we caught up in the moment
AK with a hair trigger, nigga don't make me comb it
This like a full time job not to kill niggaz
Some of my homeboys' job is to kill niggaz
Yeah, cause I'm still on probation
Write your name on a bullet that's a Dedication.. 4
(Y'all ready??)

[Birdman]
Yeah, welcome to Dedication 4
I be Stunna Man
Priceless lifestyle, high life
Y.M.C.M.B business
Fuck your girl, nigga
Twenty-two years full time grind
Mula, best ever, one hundred[Intro]
Tunechi, Drama, same time
Can only be +Dedication+
(Turn the music up in my headphones)
DJ DRAMA FUCK THESE NIGGAZ!

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh
I'm wildin out on my skateboard, she ridin dick like race cars
My blunt longer than Spaceballs, I'm gettin higher than quasars
I beg your pardon, I egg your noggin, got Nin up in my glove compartment
I'm so short, yellow bus retarded, my flow hard, these niggaz carpet
I'm Tunechi, I do me, smoke doobies, tote uzis
I'll make that bitch cum 'til she come to a conclusion
I'm ill as an illusion, I got B's like a student
Bitch +I Am Not a Human+ and this dick is therapeutic
She say "Tunechi give that dick to me, smoother than a symphony"
Two bad bitches at the same time, symmetry
Murder you no sympathy, got metal like Olympians
Tee put the weed in the blunt like a parentheses
Fuck y'all niggaz I'm gettin me, is you kiddin me? That big booty, them pretty feet
Them Swisher Sweets with that purp, church - with the priest
That red-boned get licked to sleep, she'll wake up and get dicked to sleep
Pickled meat, freaky deak, I test these niggaz with a cheat-sheet
Her clit look like a jelly bean, I'm on that promethazine
Blow yo' ass to smithereens, kush strong like Mr. Clean
I'm a king "I have a dream," money flippin trampoline
Money flippin balance beam, +Fresher+ than the +Prince+ the king and the queen
That's yo' bitch if my celly ring, and I kiss her belly ring
Put that dick up in her spleen, I shine like Afro Sheen
And I eat pussy, she suck dick at the same damn time
That's a 69, then pass it to my slime
I'm skatin and rappin at the same damn time
I said I might retire, but y'all know I be high
I did that time, I paid that fine
Fuck around and go to jail for the same damn crime
For the same damn crime? Nah murder this time~!
Potato on the end of the barrel - french fries
I'm rich bitch, Trukfit in Macy's!
And you pussy niggaz hatin like a racist
"Totally dude," I'm white boy wasted
She can't wait to take her drawers off like braces
Yeah; Scooby got another one, smokin on that bubblegum
Two dutch bitches double dutch, I'm the shit, bubble guts
Nigga get your duffles up, don't know if it's love or lust
Tell that ho to suck it up, she got lips like rubber ducks
That pussy whack, I'm one and done, troublesome I'm troublesome
Got two bitches off twitter, Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dum
Single ladies, double cuffs, I'm tighter than a cumberbund
Smokin on that strong, my blunt a fuckin muscle punk
Tunechi!

Ha ha, ha ha
And I'm gone...
Hahaha~! Yeah
+Dedication 4+ hoe
Future fuck with me![Lil Wayne]
Fuck nigga
My blunt bigger than these lil niggaz
Keep stuntin with your bitch ass
You'll get jacked and Jilled, nigga
Fuck wrong with these sissy niggaz?
I'm smoking that Bill Bixby nigga
I'm spendin money, spendin money
Ben Franklin dizzy nigga!
Your bitch on my dick, I told her I was busy
She say "Wayne on me, Wayne on me" cause yo ass need drizzlin
That pussy came gift-wrapped: bow and a ribbon
And if she bounce that ass then I'm dribblin
That pussy so wet, it turned into a Gremlin
There's only one me, ain't no equivalent
She give me brain, brain like trivia
I got a black bitch and a red bitch
I call them hoes Aunt Vivian
Chopper knock your face off
Black shades, Ray Charles
I be killing young hoes
I got your ho up in my graveyard
I ain't working with a full deck
But I pull out that Ace card
She grab that dick with 2 hands
Like she about to pray for it
Clips hanging, no curfew
Fuck you and who birthed you
I'm shining like church shoes
Birdman Junior, y'all birdfood
I'm bout it - I said I'm about to cum
She opened her mouth: water fountain
When I'm on the scene I'm on that lean
Bitch, I'm drowsy
Man, I'm so high I don't know what I'm laughing about
I got bars, nigga and it's happy hour!

[Lil Wayne]
Riding round with them choppaer, not them ninas
Riding around with a bitch named Molly and she on Molly - ha~!
Bitch I put my foot in your ass: karate
Man these niggaz can't see me like a diary
Smoke that weed, let's get irie
Nigga shut up, that bitch got a silencer
Top of the gun there is a scope
I close one eye, I look like a pirate, fuck it!
Truckfit my bitch up, Tunechi leave big nuts
I'm getting my dick sucked
I blow weed like it's dust!
Spacehead: love pussy, hate feds
Just bought my girl a Ferrari Spider
Told her drive it like it got 8 legs
I'm a made nigga: Machiavelli
That Mack-11 necessary
I'm a hard head: I pop the cherry
No pussy no rats, no Tom and Jerry
They say your friends are your enemies?
Well, my friends are imaginary
I'm the motherfuckin resolution like the 1st of January
My ride cold and my bitch hot
I'm tired as hell but my dick not
I don't gas no bitch, no pitstop
Smoke Barney and Baby Bop!
Y'all niggaz act like lady cops
My niggaz smoke like coffee shops
That's syrup gang, wafflehouse
Gunfight, I'll knock you out
My bitch titties is poppin out
We poppin up and we get it poppin
Mask on, gloves on
Like Mickey Mouse, clips stickin out
Like Nicki's ass
Smoking on that sticky bag
Weezy F: I'm big and bad
Small feet, but I kick your ass
I'm the trigger man, that shooting star
Eat that pussy like caviar
She treat that dick just like a straw
How you like them apples, Microsoft?
Now wipe it off..
I do Liv on Sundays: church!
Step off in that motherfucker fresher than some Certs
Uuh! Who the fuck is Stevie J?
I got the ball, playing keepaway
Kidnap your ass, kill your ass
Then hide your ass like an Easter Egg!
It's Hollygrove to my deathbed
Just make sure my pillow's fluffed
Hit a nigga with a million shots
What you call that? A million bucks
Good weed, we pass around
Money talks: mine got a nasty mouth
It's Young Money, Ca$h Money
'til the motherfuckin day I'm cashin out[Intro/Chorus: Detail]
You can look me in my face (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*}
See the shrooms keep me up, so (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*}
You see money, right there, yeah that's Tunechi, right there (turnt up)
Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries
You see pussy, right there, redbone mangos, right there
See them shroomies, right there (yeah) we ain't got no worries

[Lil Wayne]
Tunechi in this bitch, e'rybody should be worried
Them pussy niggaz be purrin, bitches be diggin me I feel buried
And if she make this dick hard, she woke up a sleepin giant
Man yo' bitch speak in tongues, every time we speak in private
Hope your barber shop open, cause we got hair triggers
Smoke so much that Smokey the Bear, have to bear with us
And that Jeep with the do's off, that means that bitch sleek
All these bitch think they're the shit, I send them up shit's creek
You see Tunechi right here, give me brain ideas
It's okay if you turned up, just don't turn off my light years
All I know is I do it what I'm smokin, I grew it
These are Blood gang, Piru, and all rats gotta die, even Stewart
On my private jet is my stewardess is your bitch nigga, bitch Nigga
I know gold-diggers and ditch-diggers
You don't get dissed, you get disfigured
She say sorry I didn't shave, so that pussy a little furry
I put that pussy in my face - I ain't got no worries TUNECHI~!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wanye]
We ain't got no worries
She bad as a hooker, so she ain't got no worries
She want me to eat her sugar, I say "Why you in a hurry?"
She say "Why you askin questions?" I say "Bitch you tryin to be funny"
Now take your fuckin clothes off, let me see that Donkey Kong
I swinh your ass back and forth, back and forth on my monkey bars
That camel toe that camel toe, no worries no panty-hose
These niggaz fallin off like baggy clothes, I smoke more than a magic show
I swear I saw my hoe, I swear she was with my hoe
You know I fucked them both, sore pussy and sore throat
Bitch it's Tunechi and I'm out'chea, no worries, no worries
I would talk about my dick, but man that shit be a long story

[Chorus]

[Wayne - over Chorus]

YEAHHH
OHH SHIT
UH-HUH
YEAHH
YOUNG MULA BABY[Nicki Minaj]
A who wan' test no mon chat her
'Gwan to some boy dem
Pussy wan' kill dem
I tell dem nah come for di crown, nah

[Chorus: repeat 4X]
Ok, Lamborghini Mercy
Yo' chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo'
wit'cho girl she tryin to jerk me

[Nicki Minaj]
Drop it to the flo', make that dick shake
My homegirls slurp it like a milkshake
All you niggaz want some Nick cake
If you eat ass I got a thick plate
Weezy, Weezy don't we do this very easy?
I came from Trinidad on a temporary visa
Cause muh'fuckers know I put the hex on bitches
I fuck a bitch over like I'm sexin bitches
Tic-Tac-Toe then I put the X on bitches
Point game, I score, who's next you bitches?
Cause all you niggaz fake and all you niggaz broke
So all you niggaz fuck you, all you niggaz choke
Cause all you do is boast and argue over hoes
So all you niggaz toast, cause all you deep throat - word
Fuck fuck your Lambo, fuck fuck your Murcie'
I got more money, in in my fuckin purse
Court-courtside, you in the C Section
I'm with them bloods, you you with the C Section
In Malibu I'm by the sea section
And all these bitches is my sons, yeah C-Section
I'm a Republican votin for Mitt Romney
You lazy bitches is fuckin up the economy
Out in Miami I be chillin with a zombie
Diablo Alejandro dimelo Gandhi

[Chorus] - 2X

[Lil Wayne]
I'm the shit, turn your nose up
I threw some bad bitches on my tour bus
I threw some bad bitches on my private jet
If them bitches ain't fuckin, give 'em parachutes
Walked up to a redbone like I'm the shit
Told her give me that pussy, and fuck my bitch
Yeah skate rebel, gun at my waist level
Bitch yellow, tape yellow, give you an H-A-L-O
I don't do pussy niggaz but get the most pussy nigga
I'm popping percs I'm sippin lean, smokin pot like cookin dinner
My homet T roll up my blunt, skinnier than Rex Ryan
I'm countin money I'm smokin plants, call that shit math and science
Now suck dick, Trukfit, snapback on yo' dog ass
These niggaz broke like Mr. Glass, they don't want +nun+, +Sister Act+
It's Young Money you bitch you, my weed louder than pimp suits
Your bitch swallow my pimp juice, her pussy wetter than swimsuits
Swish, Michael, Phelps nigga in your hoe
Coupe the color of Yoohoo, rude boy free Buju
Fuck wrong with these fuck niggaz I been ballin since '98
Fuck y'all I'd rather skate, shoot you up in yo' database
I fell in love with droptops, I fell in love with shotguns
Our guns bigger than cop guns, y'all ain't spittin - dry tongue
I like wet pussy she like hard dick, hard head make her soft fast
Tatted up from head to toe, guess you can call me a marked man
Wayne, soarin, all my whores is whorin
All you rappers is borin, Trukfit hat and some Jordans uhh

[Chorus] - 2X

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Syrup {*3X*}
Haha yeah
Tunechi bitch
+Dedication 4+
Hoe

[chopped and slowed]
Syrup {*2X*}
Fuck them hoes nigga, pause
Syrup {*3X*}
We the shit
Weezy baby
Shoutout all my niggaz on the island[Intro]
You niggaz gon' learn today
+D4!+
Y.M.C.M.B.
Nigga!

[Lil Wayne]
Hammer on the dresser, work on the stove
I'm sittin on the counter blowin purp out my nose
Red bone naked, in the bed flexin'
I say bitch I ain't impressed you must of got the wrong impression
I ain't with the BS, I'm flyer than PF
Man, we livin in hell like a deep breath
Real niggaz with real money, real bitches with fake asses
If she don't wanna fuck I get on my skateboard and I skate past her
Money on the table, guns on the table
Bitch I'm on that syrup tell that hoe leggo my Eggo
And my girlfriend is a chopper, I finger fuck that hoe
Hello I am Tunechi - you had me at hello
Uhh, droptop Maybach, clean like Ajax
Man I don't fuck with none of you niggaz like rednecks
We got that work so come and get if we don't know you you pay tax
I put a hole in your apple what that is Applejacks, uh
Pussy nigga I'll murder you then dance at your funeral
Blood I'll have a nigga drinkin his own blood, communion
Wake up like Bone Thugs I'll call your bluff pick the phone up
Her titties fake but they look real - cubic zirconias
Run up in your house spare the kids and kill the grown-ups
Your bitch call me when she hot - Krispy Kream donuts
Shoutout to my new hoes, shoutout to my old hoes
I still wear that ass out like a wardrobe
Bitch, what they gon' say?
Still eatin rappers on my fuckin lunch break
Bad yellow bitch with a tongue like a snake
I let her suck my dick amd then I fuck her to some Drake

[Chorus]
And then I let that kush burn let that kush burn
Yeah I let that kush burn; smokin gasoline, bitch
The booth on fire, I'm in here gettin higher
Younh Money bitch we at the top like barbed wire

[Lil Wayne]
Money on my mind I ain't thinkin bout no bitch
I'm talkin bout that scratch like my muh'fuckin throat itch
Stop stuntin if you ballin buy your bitch somethin
Stayed on the same team like Tim Duncan
Shit get real if you scared go to Catholic school
And if we want it straight jacket/jack-it like a padded room
Shoot your ass 100 times and stand over you
Lil' Tunechi so fly I got arachnophobia
Burn bitch, AK in my firm grip
Leap if you feelin like Kermit, sermons
Preach, reach, and I smoke your ass like Cheech
I be faded like bleach, double barrel - Siamese
I like my swisher obese, fuck that bitch like police
Fuck these haters with no grease, you get chin checked - goatee
Money talks bitch and mine talks like Robin Leach
That lean got me slow as Lisa Turtle, ask Screech
Uhh bank card heavy, my wallet like a barbell
My girl got a fat cat, I call that shit Garfield
We'll bring the O.K. Corral to your doorbell
We pull triggers not coat tails, I make lump sums - oatmeal
I'm stuntin, gettin new money
Trukfit money, Mountain Dew money, tell 'em
I get better like fine wine, I'm fire like cayenne
In the words of my nigga BP, I'll hit a bitch with a car bomb
BOOM~! (Gangsta Grizzill) Lil' bitch
Niggaz gonna talk they ain't talkin bout shit
Niggaz gonna bark I go Mike Vick
Fuckin fuck niggaz, on that fuck shit
Suck a nigga dick, for some Trukfit

[Chorus]
And let that kush burn let that kush
Yeah I let that kush burn; smokin gasoline, bitch
The booth on fire, I'm in here gettin higher
Holla at a nigga if you want that Oscar Mayer

[Outro]
Tune, hahaha, Dedication Fo'
Me, shorty, fuck with me[Lil Wayne]
Ay whassup wit'chall niggaz?
Yeah... Gangsta Grillz you bastards!

Now there's a couple married bitches in the building - fucked them
I get that mouth I get that pussy - the end
I see you niggaz got no life - +The Sixth Sense+
She said she wanna fuck my brains out but she gon' have to suck this dick
firrrrrst! Preach, fuckin right I'm geeked
She sat on my dick, she sat on my face, I told that bitch she got good seats
Man, these niggaz softer than fleece, shoot these niggaz in they obliques
You talkin shit, I knock you out, now go ahead and talk in yo' sleep
Yeah - bitch you know the motto! It's Young Money over hoes
Lyin to these bitches, they call my dick Pinnochio
Gettin to the money, now the money gettin to me
She say my ver-dict, is hung like a jury
I'm on the track, DOA, some of these niggaz be DEA
Money tall, NBA, broke niggaz, SMH
Hit it like Canseco while she tell you "No way Jose~!"
I got her all that white, what you call that? O-KKK!
Every night, I go hard she blow me like Boston George
She like it in her ass, mouth and pussy - three car garage
These niggaz is false alarms, they don't mean no fuckin harm
Hey baby let's make a porn! Ba-bum! Devil horns
Huh, uou know that I ain't got no ceilings!
The money changed me, I'm makin +Chamillions+
Only God can judge me, can't appeal it
In the name of the Father, the Son, and Holy Spirit
Amen! And tell them alphabet boys it's a "G" thing
I've got a street sweeper, do you need your street cleaned?
Young Money bitch! We colder than a ski team
Red beam, if you scared, motherfucker go to church!
Preach! Security breach
I'm on that grass harder than cleats, I'm on that gas, and y'all on E
Nigga my cash out of your reach, I run shit like the reverend
She get on her knees and pray to this dick, then swallow all of them blessings
Church! Yo Boo!

[Boo]
Just our a way of life
Bought my momma a crib, bought my daddy a car
Let 'em both meet Tune, now they think I'm a star
Damn I love this life, wouldn't trade it for nuttin
Most theses rappers is fallin cause they ain't standin for nothin
I smoke that loud, so I don't hear haters talkin
Plus these bitches be stalkin, tryin to look for a fortune
In the Chi we say church, when that pussy get purchased
Got a bitch so bad she make a player get nervous
Now good ain't good enough, and my hood is hood as fuck
I be prayin for them shorties trynin to get their dollars up
Swag so dope, you probably think I'm dealin
and I only give head if baby girl swallow children
Boo ain't got a ghost well bitches still catch the Holy Ghost
She wanna get high; I hit her with that overdose
Pimpin so cold, put that on my overcoat
Only ride foreign, we don't do hundred spokes
You broke niggaz talk that's a hundred jokes
Ha! Laughin at you fuck boys
Skate gear, I'm a truck boy
On my truck swag, I don't give a fuck boy[Intro/Chorus]
09, we tote; my niggaz ain't no joke
And we keep them blows, so please don't get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked
Fuck around with them fuck-arounds, and you fuck around and get smoked

[Lil Wayne]
I'm rollin, all my niggaz rollin
Keep that fuckin red bandana: Hulk Hogan
I'm cuttin up like scissors, coming down hard like blizzards
I'm gettin head while givin head, that's a head-on collision
I'm on a pain pill, I keep this shit trill
These niggaz ain't for real, like a fire drill
Yo' hoe on my back like a fuckin fifth wheel
That bitch make her pussy open and close like fish gills
I put all my niggaz on, but some of them niggaz gone
Them niggaz callin my phone; leave me alone
I'm lightin up that strong, then pass it to my bro
Numbers don't lie - ex-cept five-oh
Different colored Trukit shirts, you niggaz put on yo' skirts
If I die off these percs, put a bad bitch in my hearse
My hoes lift up they shirts, I'm high as Captain Kirk
If we run out of work, we +Rob+, like +Burke+

[Chorus] - 2X

[Lil Mouse]
Corlay R.I.P. him, Darnell R.I.P. him
If you disrespect them, then you gon' meet them
My niggaz rollin fo'-seated that bitch goin she a eater
She was a good girl, I turned her to a eater
Hit Squad move bugband, young nigga on freeband
.30 clip and them hollow tips, make him do the runnin man
A buck forty I'm fuckin with, I'm rollin with my hitters
I'll send my hitters ,out to go get you
Hella bands, hella bands, hit the club throwin hella bands
Heavy load, throwing hella bands, in the club doin the money dance
Hella bands, hella bands, hit the club throwin hella bands
Heavy load, throwin hella bands, in the club doin the money dance
Niggaz talkin shit in the club, he better watch hisself
Melly got the .30 on his hip, he gon' need some help
I'm a gangster nigga, and I could do this shit my fuckin self
Pistol to his melon; it ain't gon' be nuttin left

[Chorus] - 2X

[Lil Wayne]
Ridin 'round with my gangsters, runnin up in these yellow hoes
Everybody wanna suck my bitch, her pussy lips like heaven do's
It's pussy money and kush, skateboards and shroom
These niggaz think they the shit, these niggaz perfume
Hollygrove, so Hollygrove, all I know is Hollygrove
I'm sick with it, I been diagnosed, we don't cut the coke that's Diet Coke
These niggaz broke I'm paid in full, blood gang, Red Bull
My tongue like a surfboard and her pussy like a wave pool
Tunechi~!

[Chorus] - 2X

[Outro]
+D4+ hoe[Intro: Sample of "Pump That Bass" by Original Concept]
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil'" "Get a lil'" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"PUMP THAT BASS!"

[Jae Millz]
Don't make my snub go stupid, go stupid
Hehehe, Millzy!
That AK like Aretha, it's gon' sing and you gon' respect me
You niggaz just good at playin gangster roles, Joe Pesci
That's yo' girl, but it's my world, cause she ridin me like a cruise ship
My flight land, I check in my suite, she bust it open like a new gift
We ain't from the water fightin but you will get supersoaked
My goons'll catch you in that ghost, and turn yo' ass into a ghost
My flow, super stupid, Forrest Gump, that's retarded dumb
It's from my lungs and my clique bang, keep the change, rich gang
Millzy!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
("Pump that bass!") 
Yeah, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!") 
Ha, my homies still -  ("Pump that bass!")
Yeah my homies still -  ("Pump that bass!") 
("PUMP THAT BASS!") Don't make my goons 
go stupid, go stupid, go stupid, yeah 
Don't make my goons 
go stupid, go stupid (go dumb), go stupid, yeah

[Gudda Gudda]
Okay my bass pump and my face pump, one bump leave ya face numb
Let my white girl hit, watch that bitch go straight dumb
All my Yola 8-1, been that way since day one
Plus I speak that cocaine, watch me bake this cake up
Wake up; y'all sleepin on me, bass song in my speakers homey
And I ain't talkin 808, changin places like I'm Aretha homey
Tony Hawk got grind, holla at my slimes
We don't drop no dimes and you still fuck one time cause we

[Chorus]

[Young Jeezy]
I'm 'bout to get stupid on this motherfucker
Tunechi I got you nigga~!
Yeah you know +It Takes Two+, yeah nigga +Rob Base+
What'chu watch, when you cookin yo' blow, "Scarface"
Got-got a big gold chain around my neck, neck brace
You should go there nigga on them old cold case
Yeah all I serve is raw, straight sushi yeah no goo
Hell naw nigga can't serve you I don't know you
Nigga talkin beef shit? Boy-boys likes Oprah
DJ Magic Mike got that bass, I done told you

[Chorus] w/ Jeezy ad libs[Intro]
You know I've been talkin shit for a generation now
'Bout that time for me to kick my feet up
Y'know? Move on to other endeavors
Who's ready to take the torch?
Somebody? Anybody?
Haven't I taught you everything?

[J. Cole]
When this shit dropped I was like 16
Tryin to get some head from a mixed thing - big dreams
Say goodbye to ripped jeans, nigga got a job
Had my little wad, worst fear was getting robbed
For my last fifty dollars that I had left over
5 dollars in they pocket, nigga in his left shoulder
Minimum wage, $5.15
13's on the whip, kept my shit clean
Actually that was my momma shit
But I'm drivin 'round town on my Obama shit
Middle-class my ass, just to get a tank of gas
had to run the guns up the street and pawn the shit
But, yeah I'm headed for a scholarship
Lil' scrap game, but I got a lot of lip
Thats why them niggaz don't like me and always wanna fight me
A dumb nigga hate a smart mouth, most likely
I know the game, I'm a expert
Nigga, how you gonna jump me if my legs work?
Nigga I'm gone! Showed up at the crib tryin to bone
And I ain't fuck yet cause her momma always home
God damn, L-Lord have mercy
Please God don't let this little broad have herpes
My nigga say she fast like Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Gold medals if we gave hoes medals
No rose petals on a bed in the ghettos
Spiderman sheets got her singin falsetto
Tall white tees, can't believe we used to wear those
White folks lookin at us like we're weirdos
But we was only kiddos
Grabbin titties in the club, pocket full of Skittles
Tryna get the kitty was like tryin to solve a riddle
Tryna get to Diddy, cause I murder instrumentals
This that good old fashioned Mark Jackson
Fucked then I'll pass, y'all Utah Jazz'n
And ya'll borin', I don't play nigga, I'm Mark Madsen
Thats why my knots thick like a fuckin Kardashian
I'm not askin my nigga I don't need favors
I'm in the streets with the fiends, I done seen danger
My team major, we party like teenagers
I'm in the green Range, nigga I'm the Green Ranger
{Gangsta Grizzill!} Team major, we party like teenagers
I'm in the green Range, nigga I'm the Green Ranger
Cole

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I don't even like this beat
But fuck it
I'ma only spit like a few bars cause I don't like the beat
Bitch I'm not old news, I'm more like gold shoes
She eat my whole dick, she like Whole Foods
They say I'm old school, but I dropped out
Drop your body off, at a cop's house
They throwin up them bricks, you better box out
My niggaz got enough white to build Barack house
I got my drawers on, Sam Rothstein
Forty-four on my waist, Rick Ross jeans
I've been faded, stone wash jeans
New pussy, new money, New Orleans
50 up in that uzi, G-G-G-Unit
I merc you with that bitch, scratch the serial number re-use it
I'm from the N-O, stretch niggaz out like limos
Uzi go zit-zit-zit-zit-zit-zit-zit, that's pimples
Ugh, I'm 'bout to go banana puddin
You a dyke cause your man a pussy
Hit you from the blindside no Sandra Bullock
Never bite the hand that feeds you always wash the hand that's cookin
Tunechi! Hahaha, +D4+ hoe
Shout out Cole
You already know what it is, "Cole World"
+Wayne's World+
We in this bitch hoe
Special delivery
At your front do', hahahaha
Ahhh redbone bitch![Lil Wayne]
Gotta do that before the top teachers run through this bitch
Yeah... (UH-OH!) Let's do it
Girls that don't do girls, that that shit I don't like
Dick in her mouth, bitch eatin her out, that's that shit my girl like
I'm layin back with my feet up, bad bitch, D-cups
All I had was one molly and she took half - pre-nup
I just licked my thumb and thumbed through that pussy like a catalogue
All my niggas wanna fuck, and she gon' let us like a salad bar
Yeah that's right, real shit, murderer, I kill kill
Ca$h Money, cash cow, that never cry over spilled milk
I'm way high on the highway, my girl call to get my lies straight
That machine gun go "brrrr" like I got that bitch on vibrate
Niggaz think they hot, I cut off the hand they fan with
Call me DMX, cause I keep me a bad bitch
T called some of them hoes up, Marley G, roll up
I'm gettin bread like cold cuts, she suck dick 'til her nose run
Ueah; a rich nigga that that shit they don't like
All you niggaz pussies, none of you pussies tight
Gettin head while I drive make me run lights
These hoes wanna ride my dick you gotta hitchhike
Um, no lie, I'm fuckin bitches and gettin paid
She suck my dick for 60 seconds and swallow all my Minute Maid
No lie, I'm gettin paid and fuckin bitches
The feds on me, gotta switch plates
In the streets we call that washin dishes
Left hand on that steerin wheel, right hand on the nine milli
T roll my blunt long as a lifespan then I kill it
Eatin pussy, tongue kissin and all that
She ridin a nigga so fast, my dick feel like it's been carjacked
Two guns drawn, art class, what that is that's y'all ass
Mo' money, mo' money, we gettin mowed like tall grass
We are not one and the same
Blood is the game, it run in my veins
I bagged your bitch then fuck her
Now come get your bitch from baggage claim, nigga!
Dr. Carter, fuck her harder
All my homies bald, nigga and guess what? I'm the barber
I'm too high; if I come down my fat pockets my shock absorber
Like Hank Gathers I'm a diaballer
You flamin faggots put him out with water
UNGH~!! See that's that shit I don't like
Knock off your whole left side, now you all right
Yeah white diamonds, Vanilla Ice
My nigga Tunechi, yeah that nigga nice
+Dedication 4+ hoe
(My nigga Tunechi, yeah that nigga nice)
C.B. fuck with me! [Lil Wayne]
Ay turn the music up
It sound like I'm loud as fuck and the music not
I don't like that
(DEDICATION 4!!!)

I am sippin on that lean, don't bring me no bottles hoe
I make it rain so hard, flowers grow, Hollygrove
Fo' baby mommas, no baby momma drama
Bad bitch at home sleep, I go home and sleep behind her uhh
Shout out to my weed man, shout out to my lean man
I'm sittin on these motherfuckin millions like a beanbag
Fuck you, don't judge me, drug me then love me
Eat me some pussy when I got the munchies
I'm trippin, tell +Pippen+, to beam me, up +Scottie+
Got pounds of that kush watch me go on a diet
That's no lie, I'm so hot, you pussy-ass niggaz, Massengill
I got them yellow Xanax, I slipped on a banana peel
Trukfit t-shirt, blunt dipped in syrup
Pass that weed around like some fuckin hors d'oeuvres
Man I'm shit faced and yo' bitch facin, she high too, fuckin right
My number one F-A-N, you know what that mean, Fuck All Night
Ugh~! Ha ha, yeah
I'ma let that breathe
Let that breathe

Uhh nigga I fucked that bitch that's with ya
And she send me naked pictures, if I was you I wouldn't kiss her
You know why? Ha ha, you know why
Yeah, uh, now all my bad bitches say word
You ain't never jocked no nigga, you ain't never sweat no nigga
Yeah, you don't want none of these niggaz
Bitch, I none of these niggaz, hoe
I be doin my own thing, red bone with a tongue ring
We get home and she go straight for that head - gun range
Fuck your feelings I'm feelin me - you want real? That's real as me
Mask on, trick-or-treat, my sign say "Dick for free"
All my homies ride or die, all my bitches ride or die
I look her pussy eye-to-eye, then suck that motherfucker dry
Yes Lord {*laughing*}
Yeah and she say, "Yes Lord," hahaha
Yeah - +Dedication 4+ hoe
Scoob in this bitch with me[Intro]
+Dedication 4+ - Drumatic nigga!
Tune and dro

[Flo]
Ah! Pop another percocet
My flow is retarded, I think I got a birth defect
Highway to heaven, BOW! Where the fuck the chauffeur at?
These niggaz softer than the pillows on my sofa set
I'm fightin myself cause I don't see no competition
I don't write, I draw that pistol, make your face a composition
So please walk away before we stomp yo' ass
Everyday is Halloween and you can get yo' +Pumpkin Smashed+
The ones you think your friends is really your haters
So just do me a favor, and don't do me no favors
All I need is a blunt and a cup of purple
I put this together I coulda been a construction worker
Niggaz looking funny, well I'm just gettin blunted
And everybody's wonderin if I'm really with Young Money
Well is a pig pussy pork? Do bears be shittin
in the woods and wipe they ass with a rabbit when they finish?
Turn my swagger super mean, but my bitches bad too
And my flag bright red but my Lord tab blue, oop!
Isn't it ironic I tell Tunechi pass the chronic
Purple syrup, yellow Fanta, you can call it Magic Johnson
AHHH!

[Lil Wayne]
Gone off the shrooms, I'm stoned like tomb
Bitch, I do what "I do" like the groom
Looking death in the eyes, kissin fear on the lips
I'm so faded my nigga I'm bout to disappear in this bitch
Like - poof, there go my roof, pow, there go my hammer
Come around here stuntin, get +Jack+ like +O'Lantern+
Two times for them haters, head shots for them snitches
If the best things in life are free, then why the fuck we pay attention?
Uhh pockets on Neimans, I go dumb on dental dust
Two many pills, too many blunts, two bitches named such-and-such
It's Young Money we out'chea, we turnt up, 'bout that life
My pockets fat like Jack Black, if I go broke, I'ma jack whites
My bitch bad as fuck nigga, my goons bout that trigger play
Merc one of these soft niggaz, now I'm in court for a pillow case
This is the +Magic+ show but Tune ain't no trick hoe
Fuck niggaz no Chris Stokes, it's me flow, D fo'
Fishtailin out the parking lot like salmon
She swallowed all my kids, bitch we coulda had a family
The way I make the purp' disappear it straight vanish
Smoke fire, spit fire, +Puff the Magic Dragon+
Tunechi!

[Outro]
+D4+ hoe
Future fuck with me! [Lil Wayne]
(Aiyyo Weezy, pop that Trukfit)
I'm lookin up at heaven, hoping my niggaz made it
While I'm tryin to get them demons, out of my demonstration
I'm like fuckin right I'm flexin on these pancake-ass niggaz
These niggaz must be nuts, I castrate these niggaz - pause
Then she stuck out her tongue
Well since you act like a dog, I'ma fuck you like one
I got this Tec in my drawers, and I murder for fun
Man all these niggaz the same, it's like we watchin reruns
And I am salt in the wound, I am soap in your eye
These bitches thinkin they fly, I tell 'em roaches can fly
Even at my low bitch I'm high, I'm tryin to stay focused I'm fine
But if I crack one of these niggaz like a glow stick he shine
But it's Trukfit skate or die, them bitches wastin my time
And when they ask me where I'm from I say the great state of mind
OK that loud got me stanky, that lean got me cranky
They tell me think it over over and I end up over-thinking
AUGHHH!

Cause I don't know how fake feel nigga
Cause all my life I've been a real nigga
Yeah all my life I've been a real nigga
Kidnap yo' wife, fuck her and still kill her
Yeah - and I don't wanna take pills nigga
But it's either that or take chances nigga
Run up on you, click-clack: pay yo' taxes nigga
We 'bout that action, these niggaz action figures

Uhh~! Young Money on another level
I like her pussy tighter than my fuckin schedule
Man I love hitting yo' bitch like a lucky seven
I'm running this shit, you niggaz runnin errands
Money ain't shit to me
I smoke all these niggaz, call it +Nigatine+
Yellowbone pussy, uh, lemon squeeze
I ain't too proud to beg, so nigga please!
Fake ass, bitch ass, you faker than yo' bitch ass
We good, bitch bad; fat mouth, slim chance
I see you niggaz hatin, wit'cha hatin ass
I'm just lightin up, like laser tag
Chopper clips is too long
Send you back to where you came from
Yeah - pussy niggaz get banged up
I wish you would give a name up
I wish you would nigga, I wish you would nigga
They find yo' motherfuckin body in the woods nigga
We on that good nigga, we ain't no good niggaz
You niggaz stand under me, understood nigga?
D4 {*echoes*}{*set to instrumental of OutKast "SpottieOttieDopalicious"*}

[Andre Benjamin]
It's just my interpretation, of the situation

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, and this is my dedication
What's poppin? +Dedication 4+ hoe
And this is dedicated, first off
To my city (a dedication)
The lost city of New Orleans
But um, I wanna speak to my city
And I wanna let them know that
We can't be lost for long
And we damn sure can't be lost forever
So it's time to find ourselves
within all that water
Within all that dirt, within all that blood
Within all that pain, within all them cries
It's time to find ourselves
New Orleans, because
Memories are everything
When I say memories are everything, I mean
It's important what you are remembered by
And trust me
I, you, we don't wanna be remembered as the lost city
Rather be remembered as the city that found glory after all that tragedy
Strength, yeah~!
Also I built a skate park down there to get them kids off the streets
You're welcome!! But ummmmm
We gotta get up mayne...
Fuck it! Rise above it, yeah
So, lotta people ask me, what'chu gon' do for yo' city
I be like - motherfucker? Ye' ain't hear what you just said?
What'chu gon' do for yo' city motherfucker?
That's my city! Therefore I still got family members, in that city mayne!
What the fuck I'ma do for THEM, y'knahmean?
And I do my best, trust me
And that's what the fuck I do for my city, yeah
I do this behalf of my city man
That's what the fuck I do for my city, I do me, for my city
So therefore, I am remembered by... my city
Ya dig?
And this is also dedicated to
Them bitch niggaz
You hoe niggaz
You pussy niggaz
You broke niggaz, yeah
Fuck you with a sick dick - pause
I cain't stand you pussy-asses
And this also dedicated
to them rat bitches
First off... them chocolate women
I know talk about them yellow bitches and red bitches all the time
But umm, this dedicated to them chocolate women
Ya dig? I ain't say bitches or hoes I gotta chill down, hehehe
Yeah, and this is dedicated to the yellow bitches and the red bitches
Uhh, y'knahmtalkinbout? Uhh
This also dedicated to my niggaz, my homies
They still pump that bass, hehehe
Fo'-nick' with a dick nigga (yeah)
What'chu gon' do about that? (god, damn)
This dedicated to all my muh'fuckin niggaz that fucks with me, pause
Been down with me since day one
Niggaz that been down with me since day two
Niggaz that been down with me since today
It's love nigga
And uh, this also dedicated to the motherfuckers that helped out this mixtape
My nigga Mike Banga, that nigga Young Jeezy
Jae Millz, J. Cole, J Gudda, Lil Flo, Lil Mouse
The beautiful Nicki Minaj
DJ Drama, that nigga Taz Bo, Mack Maine
You know what it is, Stunna Man
All Young Money Cash Money niggaz
This also dedicated to my skatin niggaz
Trukfit truk the world, 5-0
E.G.K., you know what it is
Supra, all that shit
Shout out to the whole skatin world
I appreciate y'all for acceptin a real nigga
Bustin my ass and shit but umm, pause
I get it
We that shit nigga, fuck wrong wit'chu?
And this also dedicated to you
Whoever you are, wherever you are, however you are
I hope I'm remembered
{*OutKast continues to the right before the end*}
+D4+ hoe, rest in peace Chris Lighty[Lil Wayne]
I ain't nervous, hehe
I swear to God I ain't nervous, nawww, nah
And I'm laughin at them pussy niggaz and that pussy shit they doin
I'm gettin cake like I'm Jewish, my nigga Drake he Jewish
I swear to God I ain't nervous, naww, he he
Okay I swear to god I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous
I said I swear to god I ain't nervous
I got her workin twerkin and slurpin - my sepernt
Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certain
I see you turnin up but yo' turn up ain't workin
Just want some bottle and lip service
And I got all my niggaz in that truck like an Excursion

Ok I'm straight action - no ricochet
That pussy boneless - that's Chick-Fil-A
I fuck with real riders, and they tickets paid
For them dead presidents, we will start diggin graves
I swear my momma trust my work, so I give these hoes that work
They say the best things in life are free
That's why it cost for you to get get murked
And my pants saggin like fuck it, I'm still on my business
Spent my birthday in jail, I was makin bad decisions
Saw my enemy at the light, shot him up before it turned green
Man my niggaz got them birds, you ain't even got birdseed
Yo' bitch ride me like a go kart
I play that pussy like Mozart
I Mozart these hoes hearts then after that they worthless

[Chorusk 1: Lil Wayne]
Man, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I said I swear to God I ain't nervous
I don't know, I swear to God I ain't nervous
And that pussy don't get purchased - hoe
Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certain
I see you turnin up but yo' turn up ain't workin
I like 'em long hair and curvy
And if niggaz think it's a game, I'll leave they brains on they jerseys

[Lil Wayne]
She say she love me, that's the molly talkin
She 'bout to blow me, like a signing bonus
She got a nigga, but he ain't me bitch
I'm an original gangster he the remix
Girl do you use that same mouth to kiss yo' momma?
I say, only God can judge me, fuck your honor
Yeah, and, her birthday suit is her pajamas
She say "I didn't know your dick was a recliner"
I'll punch your man in his eye, give him a shiner
I'll blind him, him and whoever co-sign him, I get Adam like Yolonda
Youn Money Cash Money's Obama, it's fuck the world, no condom
If he twisted I'll unwind him, and this pistol came with a silence

[Chorus 2: Lil Wayne]
But I swear to God he heard it!
Yea, and I swear to God I ain't nervous, naww
I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh
Bitch I'm the God, I should be rappin in a turban
Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain
I see you turnin up but yo' turn up ain't workin (yeah)
Baby, I just want some bottle and lip service
She gon' ride this dick like the Kentucky, Derby

[Boo]
On that Pat-ron, I'm swervin, game tight like virgins
Got a bad bitch, she Persian, call her AK when she's squirtin
You see the niggaz I'm with, that boy Boo the shit
As lonh as I got a face, yo' bitch got a place to sit
Yeah I'm wildin off them shroomies, ain't got "No Worries" like Tunechi
All my chicks be bougie, wanna hold hands, then watch movies
I'll be God damned, make a nigga lose it, ain't no talkin, let's get to it
Real niggaz winnin, fake niggaz losing bitch I'll leave that pussy with bruises

[Lil Wayne]
Girl, I swear to God I ain't nervous, uh-uh
I swear to God I ain't nervous
Now hoe you know I swear to God I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin and slurpin - my serpent
Ain't got no problems in this bitch and that's for certain
You fuck with Tunechi, you end up a missin person
She got Lil Tunechi on her booty, in cursive
I'm gettin head behind the Maybach - curtains
Yeah~!"You leave your home, for days and days..."

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Money ain't shit, bitches ain't neither
You know I'm on that grass, don't cut on the sprinklers
Pussy on my mind, on my breath and on my finger
Niggaz try to bite my style but my style a jalapeno
I got skinny-ass jeans, trucks on pocket
Money talks nigga, I'm caught up in the gossip
You know all my bitches badder, and all my Swishers fatter
I milk this shit like cattle, that's my word like Scrabble
And yo' main girl is a hoe, I go Wayne's World in her throat
She swallows so many nuts you fuck around find a squirrel in her throat
I go tapeworm on that hoe, let my snake squirm in that hoe
Nigga we take turns in that hoe, these niggaz so green they glow
I am the best thing since wet pussy on my private jet with my chef cookin
So big headed my neck crooked my niggaz foul when the ref lookin
My big bro is Mack Maine, so much weed I got grass stains
Deez nuts, that's baggage claim, I'm on them trees like candy canes
Lil Tunechi {*echoes*}

[2 Chainz]
TWO CHAINS~!!! I might book me for a show
Charge my ass the low and pick up the whole dough
That's hustlenomic$, I was high in my class pictures
I like math - all I did was add bitches
Swagger galore, got your girl on all fo's
It's not doggystyle - I call it, froggystyle!
You dog her out I tell her - hop in
2 Chainz, my first chain had a twin
Gas in my blunt, watchin ESPN
And - if that pussy good I wanna see her again
Yeah - I'm from College Park and I got your broad with me (with me)
Salt water pool, I can put a shark in it
Everythang's authentic (true) plus I named my pistol
Last name "Fuck" first name "I Don't Give A"
Pockets look pregnant; they 'bout to deliver
So when I start pimpin, you know the procedure - God!

"You leave your home, for days and days..."

[Lil Wayne]
Alright, uhh
All my niggaz gangstas, all my bitches freaks
I tickle her pussy, got that pussy tickled pink
I'm the heart of these streets, and I just skipped a beat
And if that pussy sweet I want that candy trick or treat
I got diamonds in my teeth, so all my words are precious
I'm so fuckin hot I sssssssss, I'ma need some mo' S's
Man I'm some other shit, I want another bitch
that want another bitch, and I don't cuddle bitch
I hit her with that shovel dick, I got in that pussy and dug a ditch
Some people gotta punch the clock, man I'd rather punch a brick
Cause I'm that nigga - and I'm so cold I just shivered
These niggaz think they hard, these niggaz is nipples
I pop a nigga like a sickle, drop a nigga like a missile
Mo' money mo' issues, I size you up then fit you - Tunechi!

"You leave your home, for days and days..."{*coughing*} Yeah hoe!

[Intro/Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!)
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!)
...
Yeah~! I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!)
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!)
And there's no talkin back when my gun talk (Yeah hoe!)

[Lil Wayne]
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
Uhh - fuck that nigga, hoe ass nigga
Leave that nigga with a toe tag nigga
Barrel so long, you can pole dance nigga
Run up in your house where the dope at nigga?
"Murder She Wrote" on a notepad nigga
Light that nigga up, smoke that nigga
Stomp that nigga, roast that nigga
I walk around with this shotgun
And this bitch bigger than me nigga
Don't open up yo' fuckin mouth cause I'll pull the trigger like teeth nigga
Shoot 'em up, then leave nigga, I smell Summer's Eve nigga
We shoot first it's better - to give than receive, nigga!!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Keep that hoe shit over there (Yeah hoe!)
And we don't shoot in the air (Yeah hoe!)
I can't fuck with these niggaz man these niggaz gummy bears
Hair trigger on the gun I pull that motherfucker hair
It's like man you can't trust nobody; I don't even have a trust fund
Don't buck nigga, don't stunt nigga, don't duck nigga, cause I duck hunt
Bitch rock with me, that Glock with me, that chopper with me, obviously
I'ma empty this motherfucker that's fifty shots, approximately
Now fuck with me, get fucked over; emergency room, rushed over
Hollow tips, in the clip, my gun loaded - yours sober
I pull yo' card like a lawn mower, fall back or I'm goin forward
I see you got yo' gun drawn, I send you back to the drawin board
Lil Tunechi!

[Chorus] - second half with overlapping samples

[Gudda Gudda]
(Yeah!!) Walkin round this muh'fucker limpin
Cause the nose on the pistol 'bout as long as Scotty Pippen's
On the molly and I'm twisted, throw your body with the fishes
Double back around that corner and I'm bodyin the witness
Huh, real niggaz don't talk much, do driveby's and walk ups
Lame rappers that talk tough get a broke jaw - star struck
I don't fuck with the lame niggaz, I got good aim nigga
Pop a pill, pop you, my nick name is Pain Killer
I'm still that same nigga, Eastside I rep that
Pussy niggaz better get right or where I see you you get left at (Yeah hoe!)
Use the rifle as my crutch, that's my gun walk
Or we can hold a conversation, let the guns talk {*boom*} Gudda! (Yeah hoe!)

I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!)
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!)
And there's no talkin back when it go off (Yeah hoe!)
I'm strapped up, nigga fuck a gun law (Yeah hoe!)
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
I don't do no arguin, I let the gun talk (Yeah hoe!)

[Lil Wayne]
Speechless, speechless, speechless, speechless, speechless
When I cock back - speechless
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
See me walkin with a limp, that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
That's my gun walk, nigga that's my gun walk (Yeah hoe!)
(Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!)
(Yeah hoe!) (Yeah hoe!)[Intro/Chorus: Detail]
You can look me in my face (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*}
See the shrooms keep me up, so (I ain't got no worries) {*3X*}
You see money, right there, yeah that's Tunechi, right there (turnt up)
Yeah that's Mack Maine right there, and we ain't got no worries
You see pussy, right there, redbone mangos, right there
See them shroomies, right there (yeah) we ain't got no worries

[Lil Wayne]
Tunechi in this bitch, e'rybody should be worried
Them pussy niggaz be purrin, bitches be diggin me I feel buried
And if she make this dick hard, she woke up a sleepin giant
Man yo' bitch speak in tongues, every time we speak in private
Hope your barber shop open, cause we got hair triggers
Smoke so much that Smokey the Bear, have to bear with us
And that Jeep with the do's off, that means that bitch sleek
All these bitch think they're the shit, I send them up shit's creek
You see Tunechi right here, give me brain ideas
It's okay if you turned up, just don't turn off my light years
All I know is I do it what I'm smokin, I grew it
These are Blood gang, Piru, and all rats gotta die, even Stewart
On my private jet is my stewardess is your bitch nigga, bitch Nigga
I know gold-diggers and ditch-diggers
You don't get dissed, you get disfigured
She say sorry I didn't shave, so that pussy a little furry
I put that pussy in my face - I ain't got no worries TUNECHI~!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wanye]
We ain't got no worries
She bad as a hooker, so she ain't got no worries
She want me to eat her sugar, I say "Why you in a hurry?"
She say "Why you askin questions?" I say "Bitch you tryin to be funny"
Now take your fuckin clothes off, let me see that Donkey Kong
I swinh your ass back and forth, back and forth on my monkey bars
That camel toe that camel toe, no worries no panty-hose
These niggaz fallin off like baggy clothes, I smoke more than a magic show
I swear I saw my hoe, I swear she was with my hoe
You know I fucked them both, sore pussy and sore throat
Bitch it's Tunechi and I'm out'chea, no worries, no worries
I would talk about my dick, but man that shit be a long story

[Chorus]

[Wayne - over Chorus]

YEAHHH
OHH SHIT
UH-HUH
YEAHH
YOUNG MULA BABY[Chorus: unknown singer]
And now I knowwww, the only compass that I neeeed
Is the onnnnnne, that leads back to youuuuuu
And I knowwww, the only compass that I neeeed
Oh is the onnnnnne, that leads back to youuuuuu

[Lil Wayne]
She had cat eyes, nine lives, no tan lines, thigh highs
She ride me like a driveby, I'm real these niggaz sci-fi
But that's neither here nor there, she been contemplatin short hair
She said she tryin to be different but she just like the rest of these bitches
But that's neither here nor there, and my dick is her chair
It be sexual warfare, I be loaded like software
Got so many hoes I'm hoein, but she the only one worth knowin
And yeah I do my dirt, but that's for the flowers to grow in
I ain't trippin, but she be trippin
They ain't got shit on me, but she keep sniffin
Look girl just gimme that brain, and I'll return the favor
Them hoes say I'm a dog, but how come I don't chase 'em?
I liquor with no chaser, I pick her out a line-up
I just wanted some time, she say "Okay I'm your honor"
But she been wantin to break up, since Dolce & Gabbana
All that ass I just be like "Come sit yo' groceries on my counter"
I drink tea, she drink wine, call it tea-a-wanna/Tijuana
I dyin to meet a girl, but she want me to meet her momma
Swear I may go Issey Miyake, Bond #9
The weed is funky, but I'm smellin fine - Tunechi~!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus to start]
I'm puttin my hat back on
She said!!
Yeah...
Uhhh!

I've got that shit in my system
Somebody gon' be my victim
Eh! So where you at with it?
Cause I can't do it by myself, I need an ass-istant
I got that good good, that get right, that early mornin, that midnight
I beat it up, like a fist fight, one, two, three, fo', five, six nights
That dick all in yo' windpipe, some of her friends I dislike
Some of yo' friends, they alright, sometimes I think y'all all dykes
But fuck all that, I'm on one, don't wanna be with the wrong one
That cold head, that warm tongue, my third leg run marathons
I feel you like I'm blind girl; can't you see, it's meant to be
So come to me, then cum for me, my game cold, one degree
I'm rollin with two bad bitches cause misery loves company
One sweet, one sour; my honeybee and my bumblebee
I miss you in the worst way, ride that dick no speed bumps
No red lights, no stop signs, just get to Lil Tunechi

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus to start]
I put my glasses back on, eh!
She said!!
Now I know... get to me baby
You need to get to me baby, I'm waitin

Uhh, uhh, should I call somebody else?
Cause girl it's almost twelve and this dick won't suck itself
Girl you know it need some help, it'll make a nigga's day
If you said you on your way - yeah
Yeah - should I call somebody else?
Cause girl it's almost twelve and this dick won't suck itself
Girl you know it need some help, it'll make a nigga's day
I just hope you know the way - and she said

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne over Chorus]
Yeah, I'm puttin you back on
That's right - and she said!
You need, to get to me
But you already got to me[Lil Wayne]
I ain't lookin back nigga
I'm a douchebag to these pussy ass niggaz
Hammer in my drawers but I nail yo' bitch
Blunts like fingers, I'm bout to make a fist
Everybody die, gon' bury me alive
Grab life by the horns, put the bullshit aside
Glock clip full like the moon in the sky
I'm at the gas station addin fuel to the fire
"Life ain't shit but bitches and money"
I pass that weed, like I studied
Bury me in fire and watch me Phoenix
Highway to heaven, I'm takin the scenic
You tied to the track of my train of thoughts
And controllin my thoughts is like tamin sharks
And these hoes wanna kick it with me I'm a sensei
And I got fat pockets, you niggaz in shape
Tools on deck, tattoos on necks
Life is a bitch, I'll make her yo' ex
Better turn to God 'fore I turn to Godzilla
How the fuck you gon' talk shit to diarrhea?
Motherfucker it's on, I'm just rubbin 'em wrong
Put a bug in my ear, but not in my phone
I'll have a broke motherfucker run in your home
For a crumb and a bone and put {one in your dome}

[Chorus]
{One in your dome} {*8X to fade*}
Empty stomach, full clip
I'm gon' get it, gon' get it
Empty stomach, full clip
I'm gon' get it, gon' get it
My trigger finger itchin {*5X*}
Nigga {*echoes*}

[Lil Wayne]
"I don't like to dream about gettin paid"
You Ain't Gon' Hurt Nobody+ like Kid 'n Play
Ain't nuttin sweet but the codeine nigga
Eyes hella red like chlorine nigga
I was gettin that pussy, I was gettin that money
Long hair, don't care, Hacksaw Jim Duggan
Too high to take a breath, too high to take a step
Two rights don't make a wrong, three rights, make a left
The cops on my dick, the feds on my nerves
I walk it like I talk it, got legs on my words
If she don't suck dick, I don't give her that dick
Got the world in my hands, I'ma dribble that bitch
Money is the issue, full court pressure
I like my blunt, +Nutty Professor+
I'm a straight rider with a getaway driver
Hit you dead on the money, now you dead on arrival
I don't fuck with these niggaz, too old for new friends
... but never too rich for new money
These niggaz buying Haterade by the twelve pack - like two stomachs
I'm laced up like two shoes miss goody, keep that ratchet nigga
Trigger finger itchin I'll scratch you nigga
Blow yo fuckin brains out in traffic nigga
Got green, New Orleans, St. Patrick nigga
One bitch on the whip, one on the phone
The one on the phone, is in front of your home
She 'bout to run in your home and put {one in your dome}

[Chorus]

[Soulja Boy]
Rest in peace to the game cause I'm fresh to death
Rest in peace to the game, tell them kill theyself
Make yo' death wish, cause I'm too fresh
Cause I'm fresh to death, cause I'm fresh to death
You go broke tryin to get fresh like this
Rest in peace to the game cause I killed it
I'm fresh to death, I'm fresh to death
What you talkin? I came out a coffin - yeah~!!

[Lil Wayne]
I just can't see myself, livin in a house of mirrors
I bought me a double R, cause I went from rags to riches
And these niggaz nag like bitches, actin like little fags like +Richard+
And all of my bitches be bad as vision
You got a problem I can fix it like a mathematician
I ammunition, call me ammo for short
Trukfit shirt, camou the shorts
Your girl is a freak, your man is a narc
Put ya son in ya arm, or put {one in your dome}

{One in your dome} {*8X to fade*}[Lil Wayne]
Pussy-ass nigga, pussy-ass nigga
Ol' pussy ass nigga... yeah

[Chorus]
Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone
And I'll knock the motherfuckin snow off of your cone, my nigga
Man it stink in this bitch
It must be them pussy-ass niggaz talkin shit
So beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Bitch-ass, hoe-ass, pussy-ass nigga
I'll beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga
We beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out that pussy-ass nigga

[Gunplay]
I'm a knuckle throwin knucklehead, what that muh'fucker said?
Bring that ruckus up in here - throwin bottles, chuckin chairs
Got the pretty models duckin, breakin heels and chippin nails
Turn around and go right back to breakin down my cigaril'
Clumbin up with Sugar Hill, slidin down in somethin new
Smellin gin & jungle juice, and I got that lumber too
And I brought a fuckin zoo, tear this shit up and chuck a deuce
This Triple C, they Triple L - "Lames Loev to Lose"
A hundred million in my horoscope 'bout to show you a horror show
Boot your fuckin head off your collar bone
Them niggaz title bums, flinchin at the sight of arms
Them pussy niggaz ain't eatin but we fry the farm
Beat a nigga down 'til he left without a vital sign

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I run off in your fuckin shit, damn now I got shit stains
All these fuckin tattoos, and I ain't got one bitch name
Got a pocket full of ass-whoopings, I'm givin 'em out like nicknames
What's up wit'cho fist game? You'll catch a hook - fish hang
Watch me cock the +Nina+, call that rough sex
Knock your head off, you just a rough neck
And if I'm shootin at ya, nigga all net
Ain't no +World Peace+, just +Ron Artest+
Dick-in-the-booty-ass nigga, die-quicker-than-movie-ass nigga
Extra-fruit-in-the-smoothie-ass nigga, get beat like a drum, music class nigga
Brrr! Life is a gamble, dyin is your best bet
Got a +Scope+ on the pistol, give your ass fresh breath
Give my fist a kiss nigga - told you

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh - what's really good nigga? I'm feelin good, nigga
Rest in peace lil' Wesley Wes, a pussy-ass nigga always kill a good nigga
I'm high as heaven, I'll pop the reverend to stop a weddin
Got more money than memories in the bank - don't forget it
Clean 'em up, my team is up, I'm high as Scotty, beam me up
They say we all gotta pay the price; fuck it man - ring me up
Fuckin right I skate hoe - pussy is my scapegoat
And all these pussy-ass niggaz that's hatin kiss my ass - besos
I'm a genius, take notes - I'll split your egg to the egg yolk
I'll be dead before I be dead broke; still burn money, my bread toast
Fuck it if you got it, spend it nigga, but just keep your two pennies nigga
Start shit and I'll end it nigga, don't open your mouth, I'm a dentist nigga
Lil' Tunechi... give my fist a kiss nigga

[Outro]
So beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Bitch-ass, hoe-ass, pussy-ass nigga
I'll beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
We beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Beat the shit out of that pussy-ass nigga
Fuck with me wrong, take me out my zone
I'll bring it to your chest make you +King+ me like +Kong+, my nigga
What you drink in this bitch?
I'll give you a whole bottle of it to your face
Nigga[Lil Wayne]
Uh. AK on my night stand, right next to that bible
But I swear with these 50 shots, I'll shoot it out with 5-0
Pockets gettin too fat, no Weight Watchers, no lipo
Money talks, bullshit walks on a motherfuckin tight rope
And I make that pussy tap out, I knock that pussy out cold
Nigga you get beat the crap out. but that's just how the dice roll
These hoes want that hose pipe, so I give all these hoes pipe
She get on that dick and stay on, all night like porch lights
Let's do it, fuck talkin, we out here, we ballin
And I'm sprayin at these rusty niggaz like WD-40
We fucked up, we Truk'd up, no if ands or butt-fucks
Bitch niggaz go, behind yo' back like nun-chucks and that's fucked up
But my hoes down, my cups up, my niggaz down for whatever
These bitches think dey too fly well tell 'em hoes I pluck feathers
I'm Tunechi, Young Tunechi, I wear Trukfit, FUCK Gucci~!
She's blowin kisses at me with her pussy lips, smooches
and that's 2 Chainz...
 
[Chorus: 2 Chainz]
Look at you, now look at us...
ALL MY NIGGAZ LOOK RICH AS FUCK!
All my niggaz look rich as fuck!
All my niggaz look rich as fuck!!
Look at you, now look at us...
All my niggaz look rich as fuck! (Biiiiiitch!)
All my-all my niggaz look rich as fuck! (You hoe-ass bitc-...)
All my ni-...
 
[Lil Wayne]
Never talk to the cops, I don't speak Pig Latin
I turned a +Penny+ to a motherfuckin Janet Jackson
Tell the bitches that be hatin I ain't got +No Worries+
I just wanna hit and run like I ain't got insurance... hoe
What's yo' name? What's yo' sign? Zodiac Killer
All rats gotta die, even Master Splinter 
Yah, murder 187
I be killin them bitches, I hope +All Dogs Go to Heaven+
And I got xanax, percocet, promethazine with codeine
Call me Mr. Sandman, I'm sellin all these hoes dreams
Got a white girl with big titties, flat ass, TV screen
I keep a bad bitch call me the +B.B. King+
And you know I got dat mouth out her, and put that bitch out like a house fire
I'm killin these hoes like Michael Myers, I eat that cat just like a lion
And I cain't trust none of these niggaz, cain't trust none of these hoes
And I see yo' girl, when I want, I got that ho TiVo'd, uh
Got a red-ass bitch with a red-ass pussy 
Nigga try me, that's a dead-ass pussy
Cause y'all motherfuckers so blind to the fact
To tell you the truth, I don't care who's lookin
All I know is I love my bitch, that pussy feel just like heaven on earth
Six feet deep, dick shovel in the dirt, R.I.P. -- Rest In Pussy
Light that shit then pass that shit, we gon' get so smoked out
And then I went got locked up, every night I dreamt I broke out
One time for them pussy niggaz, that's that shit I don't like
We eatin over here nigga, fuck around and have a food fight
and that's 2 Chainz...
 
[Chorus: 2 Chainz] (Wayne) 
Look at you, now look at us... (uh..yeah)
ALL MY NIGGAZ LOOK RICH AS FUCK! (What?)
All my niggaz look rich as fuck! (What??)
ALL MY NIGGAZ LOOK RICH AS FUCK~!!
Look at you, now look at us... (Man fuck all y'all bitches, straight up)
All my niggaz look rich as fuck! (Any bitch out that lane that won't give me no pussy...)
All my-all my niggaz look rich as fuck! (..Fuck you in yo' asshole, bitch!)
All my-all my niggaz look rich as fuck! 
(...And yo' nigga a hoe)[Intro]
(We trippy mane!)
(Mane, mane, mane, mane, mane, mane, mane...) Uhh

[Lil Wayne]
Blue skies, blue skies, I see you with my red eyes
Bust yo' fuckin grape nigga, turn yo' shit to red wine
Don't fuck up my high nigga, I'm too gone - bye nigga
She get dick weed and ignored, that's a D.W.I. nigga
My skin crawlin, my walls talkin, the pictures in here lookin at me
The ground movin, I'm seein shit, I'm blowin like I'm stuck in traffic
I'm smoking on that strong, got me +coffin+ like I'm gettin buried
I've been fuckin Mary Jane, I knew her when she was just Virgin Mary
I'm stoned, +Mick Jagger+, I can run around Saturn
Eyes rollin back, and keep blinkin like hazards
I said king me, king me with my mushroom, crown on
I graduated to better drugs, my cap and - gown on
Don't knock me off my high horse, what I do is my choice
I'm high as the scoreboard, bitch look up at my points
I'm trippin out, cotton mouth, I got high and fell asleep loaded
I woke up and got high again, "Okay! I'm reloaded"

[Chorus 4X: Juicy J] *
Weed, pills and that drank
That's my trippy kit {*3X*}

* 4th time "That's my trippy kit" doesn't repeat in first Chorus

[Lil Wayne]
Shout out to my weed man, shout out to my lean man
Pussy-ass nigga wanna spark somethin, I'm a gasoline can
I'm high nigga don't blow it, I trust it far as I could throw it
I don't know if I'm comin or goin, T make my blunt a Samoan
And I see lights flashin, life passin, take a bitch home fuck like rabbits
Styrofoam cups and wine glasses, shot glasses, hot flashes
My tongue numb, I can't talk, no balance, my spine hurts
My mind surf, my eye jerks, I try different drugs, I'm diverse
Goodbye Earth - farewell; high as heaven, eyes low as hell
Keep scratchin, keep bitin my nails, keep lightin an L, I'm a kite in the air
I like weed brownies and cookies, I'm straight but seein crooked
I got my trippy kit, I hope I trip and fall in some pussy - Tunechi~!

[Chorus]

[Juicy J]
Musty herb in a ziplock, twisted off top notch
Weed that I smoke, straight off a boat
Six foot bong, tryin to see what I toke (see it!)
This that Cali kush I motivate not gloat (mm-hmm)
All I need is Mary, let the models do the coke
Tryna get some Becky in the backseat of the ghost (ghost)
Hit the weed man, tell him that I need a bag
Wake up e'ry mornin and I take a drag (we smokin!)
Take the blunt, dip it in the lean then I laugh (you know what it is)
In your baby momma ear and I'm gonna smash (bitch)
They call me the Trippy King, don't try me nigga (turnt up)
Juicy J with the Taylors, Chinese eyes nigga (turnt up!)

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Uhh!
Man fuck these ol' bitch-ass niggaz[Intro/Chorus: Future] + (Drake)
I'm on that good kush and alcohol {Mike Will Made It...}
I got some down bitches I can call - what's happenin'?
I don't know what I would do without y'all
I'mma ball til the day I fall - ball, ball, ball
(Yeah, long as my bitches love me) yeah, yeah; yeah, yeah
(I can give a fuck 'bout no hater long as my bitches love me) yeah, yeah; yeah, yeah; yeah, yeah
{EarDrummers} (Uh, I can give a fuck 'bout no niggas long as these bitches love me)

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, pussy ass nigga stop hatin'
Lil Tunechi got that fire and these hoes love me like Satan, maaaan
Fuck with me and get bodied
And all she eat is dick, she's on a strict diet, that's my baby
With no make-up she a ten
And she the best with that head, even better then Karrine
She don't want money; she want the time we could spend
She said "Cause I really need somebody, so tell me you're that somebody"
Girl, I fuck who I want and fuck who I don't
Got that A1 credit, that's that filet mignon
She said "I never want to make you mad, I just want to make you proud"
I said "Baby just make me cum, then don't make a sound"
Lil Tunechi

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, real nigga fuck these haters
These hoes got pussies like craters, can't treat these hoes like ladies, maaaan
Pussy, money, weed, codeine
She said my dick feel like morphine; I hope my name taste like sardines, to these niggas
She wake up, eat this dick
Call that breakfast in bed - 69, 96
I feel her heartbeat, I chest to chest with this bitch
Now turn around, face down, I'm arrestin' this bitch
All my bitches love me and I love all my bitches
But it's like as soon as I cum, I come to my senses
And I would say these hoes names, but then I would be snitching
And these haters try to knock me but they can't knock me off the hinges
It's Lil Tunechi

[Chorus] - minus last eight words

[Lil Wayne] 
I lost a few good bitches, met some more bad bitches
And I be schoolin' them niggas - pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hatin'...
I'm gettin' ass or I'm skatin'... yeah
I lost a few good bitches, met some more bad bitches
And I be schoolin' them niggas - pose for your class picture
Now kiss my ass if you hatin'...
I'm gettin' ass of I'm skatin'... bitch

[Chorus][Intro/Chorus]
I always do you favors, and that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
I fucked you on your job, and that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
And I don't give a fuck, but... I got to
I got to, yeah yeah
They say the best, part, of waking up
is breakfast after a nut

[Lil Wayne]
And that's romance, that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
We fuck and crash - that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
Okay - fuck my hand, suck my thumb
Be a lady, and buy me lunch
Send me cards, and make me read
But don't send me no flowers, unless it's weed
Cause I'm that nigga, she say I'm that nigga
She ain't got a man but act like I'm that nigga
She check my iPhone - what's that about?
Any other hoe I woulda cussed her ass out
But that's romance, that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
She kiss my ankle when I twist my ankle
She even did anal when she don't do anal
My bitch I'm thankful - let's hold hands
Can we? Hehe
Let's slow dance, shall we?
Hehe
And we gon' be like one, two, one, two
She say I'm the one, girl you the one - too
I stand up in that pussy like a sun, roof
Hehe, yeah

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Okay now give me coochie at my momma's crib
On Thanksgiving, everybody listening
All your homegirls bad, and dare I guess
Let 'em all in, and I'll play chef
That's romance, cause we so real
She said she can not take the pain if it ain't a pill
She say fuck these hoes - they just mad
We fucked a hoe together - that's romance
If you got cups, and I got drank
I take my rubber off and put that money in the bank
I ain't 'cho friend, fuck that shit
Try to find another me - girl good luck with that shit

[Outro Chorus]
Cause I always do you favors, and that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
I fucked you on the table, and that's romance
That's romance, that's romance
And I don't give a fuck, but baby, I got to
I got to, yeah yeah
They say the best, part, of waking up
is breakfast after a nut

[Intro Chorus first half] + [Outro Chorus second half]

[Lil Wayne]
That's romance, that's romance {*2X*}
That's romance...(Chorus: Lil Wayne)
My tongue is a uzi my dick is a AK 
My tongue is a uzi my dick is a AK
My tongue go BDDDDDDD my dick go BAH!
My tongue go BDDDDDDD my dick go BAH! (Bitch)

(Verse 1: Lil Wayne)
Lay on the bed open that twat
I french kiss that pussy like muah
Sit on my face
M-U-A-H
Before I eat that pussy I say my grace
Girl I'm nastier than him
I don't know why you still with him
Beat that pussy go to sleep she got that Tylenol PM
Fuck that bitch  until she tired til she tired like a rim
Give her head like a brim
It taste good M-M-M
Pussy monster in her closet full of surprises
I give full body massages 
I hope that pussy smell like a violet
I hope that pussy warmer than luke
And sweet as Godiva
Suck this dick and swallow that nut and call it penis colada
Lift up that mini-skirt that's my dinner desert
She fell in love with the martian I said you too down to earth
Man these hoes love Wayne got a bunch of dimes that's chump change
This shit is target practice and your bitch is my gun range

(Chorus)

(Verse 2: Lil Wayne)
My tongue is a uzi my dick a AK
Down here waiting for her to cum like payday
Hoping this juice is sweeter than baked cake
She say it's for Tunechi she lie with a sraight face
But I'm trying to eat healthier so I ate a veggie
Sucked on that pussy I feel better already
She say 'Tunechi go slower' and Tunechi went faster
My tongue is a motor my dick is a NASCAR
Whipped cream on that pussy dickhead like a bullet
If her hair real imma pull it
Hope that ass feel like a cushion
I give her wood when he wouldn't?
I hope that pussy tastes like pudding 
And I get that hoe the boot hold let me put my foot in (Tunechi)
Got a sweet tooth candy yam pussy
Ima leave that ass smoking like a Amsterdam tourist man
These hoes love Wayne got a bunch of dimes that's chump change
This shit is target practice and your bitch is my gun range

(Chorus)

(Verse 3: Trina)
Lay on the bed open your mouth
This pussy so clean like soap in your mouth
I do my lil' dance he scoping me out
If that dick like a tree watch me build a treehouse
Ok the baddest bitch in this bitch got the fattest clique in this bitch
You might drown you better start doggy paddling in this bitch
I'm Trin B nigga 
Queen nigga 
Sleep on this pussy tree nigga
I stay on that dick like a fucking balance beam nigga 
Hair pull neck grab don't fuck with hoes that backstab
Don't fuck with niggas that ain't got shit 
If I fucked a nigga then that's my dick
My mouth a jacuzzi my pussy a safe place
Fuck me until daybreak then you can go skate Trina

(Chorus)[Lil Wayne] + (Shane Heyl)
Cut the fuckin music up (YMCMB)
(GTWYC) Yeah (it's about that time)
(I thought you knew) Uhh!
Yeah (cold mouth gumbo) uhh!
(Bright stretched out) yeah, bitch!
(Shake junt) bitch! (Shake junt) bitch!
(Shake junt) yeah...
Chicken bone, now it's on
Now it's on, dat wishlist, yeah...

[Lil Wayne - repeat 2X w/ minor variations]
California house in the hills, big windows no blinds
Can't sleep past 9, we pass weed like time
Over here, money over there
Her lipstick smell, her pussy look pierced
Daddy gotta go after that and get his
See you later at the dinner, cry crocodile tears
Don't worry I'll be back, cause the pussy like crack
She got a nice swag, and the apple bottom like that apple like Mac
That's that computer love
And get that pussy when I took her to the funeral
Girl I'ma wear that ass out like a uniform
So ride this dick like a horse turned to unicorn
Phone in her back pocket made the EHHHH
Phone in her back pocket made her booty call to say
HELLO! HELLO!
She said "Oh shit! I ain't mean to call you
Anyway, what'chu doin?"
I said "Nuttin," she said "I know what you should be doin
You could be doin" - open up your legs, walk me through it
+Ain't Too Proud 2 Beg+, pssh, nigga please
I fell on my hands, and she fell on her knees
What'chu know about that?
UHH~! (Hello!) Yeah!
I fell on my hands, and she fell on her knees
What'chu know about that?

[after repeat 1]
Skate! Smoke!
Fuck! Yeah!

[after repeat 2]
Bitch! Bitch!
Uhh! Skate!
(Shake junt) smoke!
(Shake junt) fuck!
(Shake junt) yeah!!

[Shane Heyl]
HELLO, HELLO {*4X*}
Don't back up I'm here to save ya
S on my chest like a Superman vest
Shake junt, brother say it again
Shake junt, get buck my friends
Wandering dreaming constantly thinking
Tick tock, SAY HELLO
Tick tock, SAY HELLO - time's wasting!
Had a chance, now look at the mess
Evil thoughts, they run in my head
Get there - while you can
I say get there - while you can!!
Kill it, no you can't, yes I can, pushin
Bout a 50 million skaters screamin FASTER
Green and yellow turn again, let her go, back it up
Boom boom, bring it up, titties from hell!
Swerve swerve, fill it up, miss miss, don't forget
business, don't forget, business, don't forget
Chicken bone, not a phone, chicken bone, not a phone
Chicken bone, not a phone, IS ANYBODY OUT THERE~?![Intro]
Turn the music up

[Lil Wayne]
Y.M. C.M.B., bitches call me Tunechi Lee
I be with niggaz that shoot police, I keep that iron - you can get creased
And if she say she didn't fuck, bitch you're lyin through ya teeth
They say it cost to be the boss, the ones in jail wish they were free
Niggaz call me Hi-C, because I'm high as you can see
Niggaz say they paid they dues, well I'm checkin your receipt
Might as well go stupid since this is a stupid beat
Grab the owl out the tree, and ask that bitch - who but me?
Got your bitch bent over nigga hands to her feet
Tell that pig and that cow I'll go ham if it's beef
Cause all my niggaz well rounded, don't fuck with none of these square niggaz
Mask on Ghostface Killah, draw down and erase niggaz
I'm a blood, is you a blood donor? Swisher full of that California
I hit it sideways cat-a-corner, then she catch that nut like pneumonia
Lil Tunechi~

[Chorus]
Lay it down hoe
Lay it down bitch
Lay it down hoe
Lay it down
Lay it down, lay it down
You hoes lay it down
Lay it down, lay it down
You hoes lay it down
Put the money on the couch nigga
Gimme everything up in yo' house nigga, shut yo' mouth nigga
Put the money on the couch nigga
Gimme everything up in yo' house nigga, shut yo mouth nigga

[Cory Gunz]
Start it up, vroom vroom
Uppercut a bitch out the bus, boom boom
Unless I get the brain, poom poom
She let a nigga run and get the gang, run a train, zoom zoom
Tryin to get paid too soon, one deep
One sweep away in a room room
We getting money over here, talkin shit and fuckin bitches
I don't know what the fuck they doing Tune'
My syrup purple, my turf Earth
My birth circle, I'll dirt surf you
I'll squirt and murk you, my verse hurtful
My shooters still got curb curfews
Y'all 'bout as hot as Von Dutch; y'all not gon' harm much
Hijack y'all some prom busts, ain't no retreat but my arms up
We don't graffiti, my bombs up
It's Young Money in this shit until a nigga dead and gone
If you wanna set it off, what you wanna bet it on?
I'm bettin the wedding's off when everything is wetted on
Point 'em out, +Truk+ ya life, fuck your style, fuck with me
You a bucket foul, niggaz'll buck your smile
for a ducat pile, you better duck it, pal

[Chorus]
Lay it down hoe
Lay it down bitch
Lay it down hoe
Lay it down
Lay it down, lay it down
You hoes lay it down
Lay it down, lay it down

[Nicki Minaj]
Uhh - yo~! Shawty, what's yo' name?
Is you trickin? Is you payin?
Is you sniffin, on that cane?
What the fuck, is you sayin?
If you gettin it, then you gettin it
It's my money, I ain't splittin it
I ain't trippin it, if she got a fat ass, then I'm tippin it
Come out the bank, bye teller
Give up her money, hi fella
Bad lil' hoe, high yellow
Brand new Roley, sky dweller
Just left from Dubai, flew private eye
I made a million dollars, swear to God that ain't no lie
Asked if them niggaz was poppin, fake niggaz be watchin
My black glove be drippin wet, but I got my +Cochran+
Losin ain't no option, I'm teachin bitches my doctrine
The Maybach ain't poppin if it ain't got a par-tation
Oops I mean partition, it's all a part of my vision
I sit and count this money while I watch you bitches audition
I said, oops I mean partition, it's all a part of my vision
I sit and count this money while I watch you bitches audition

[Outro: Nicki Minak]
Hehehehe! Fuck wrong with you bitches?
I don't give a fuck
You don't hear me, you don't see me, bitch you gon' feel me hoe
It's Young Money
Young, Young Money nigga
Young, Young, lay it down, lay it down
You hoes lay it down
Lay it down, lay it down
You hoes lay it down, ahhh![Lil Wayne]
Young mullah, baby
Umm, young mullah, baby

She says, do you have the time
To listen to me whine
She askin' who's on the other line?
You diss me every time

I tell 'em, baby I'm a star
Shit, I'm above a star
And now I done got so high
I did forgotten who you are
(Are, are)

Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh
Ah ah
Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh
Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh
Ah ah

I'm in love with you
But I can't be with you
Tomorrow I'll be back
Up on the first flight
Right up out of town

Young mullah, baby

Hop back in my spaceship
Girl, I gotta drop your ass off
(Oh oh eh eh)

Last night, yeah we were spaced girl
You love it, girl, I gotta take off
(Oh oh eh eh)
'Cause Imma be here next week
So call your company and take off
Oh oh oh, yeah oh oh eh

'Cause she say, "Wayne, Wayne"
So she got me all impatient
Cry me a river
I can hear my conscious
While I say aloud

[Chorus]
Boy, you got a problem
(Problem)
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself

You're like a hot revolver
(Hot revolver)
But you ain't killin' no one
But yourself

[Lil Wayne]
And so she's gone to party town
On her own
And you go by yourself
So all alone

I told her, I can be with her
But I can't be with her
As much as she like me to
She like me too much
That's the problem

Oh my God, then Shorty be whillin'
And when I say I got to leave
You wouldn't believe
All of the things that she'll do
And all of the things
That she'll say to make me stay
And I be like, 'Damn'

I'll be back someday
But she wanna go with me
To outer space
So we made love in the Milky Way
And then I send her on her way

[Chorus]
Boy, you got a problem
(Problem)
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself

You're like a hot revolver
But you ain't killin' no one
But yourself

And so she's gone to party town
On her own
And you go by yourself
So all alone[Intro: Sample of "Pump That Bass" by Original Concept]
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil'" "Get a lil'" "Get a lil' stupid"
"Get a lil' stupid and" "Get a lil' stupid"
"PUMP THAT BASS!"

[Lil Wayne]
Man fuck y'all with a sick dick, semi-automatic no click click
We don't feel you, like an elephant, gettin fucked with a tick dick
Little nigga with a thick bitch, and before I fuck this bitch
I gotta put that patch over my third eye - Slick Rick
Trukfit, t-shirt, talk second, skeet first
Boy yo' girl a jumpoff, I hope she land feet first
She give me brain - research, and I prefer, reefer
But if you want some coke..
That's cool, cause my homies still...

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
("Pump that bass!") 
Yeah, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!") 
Ha, my homies still -  ("Pump that bass!")
Yeah my homies still -  ("Pump that bass!") 
("PUMP THAT BASS!") Don't make my goons 
go stupid, go stupid, go stupid, yeah 
Don't make my goons 
go stupid, go stupid (go dumb), go stupid, yeah

[Big Sean]
Boy.. Okay!
My girls and cars both skirt off (Swerve)
I like the pussy so wet that I can surf off (Go)
In a hot spot cause a nigga never chillin (chillin!)
I do it for my niggaz, I just do it to these bitches
Boy I overgrind (whoa), overshine (whoa), ain't another nigga over Sean (nope)
I'm gettin paid, it's Oprah time, I'm rollin pine, I'm so divine
I'm Westside, Westside, dark glasses on like I'm goi' blind
Lookin like Eazy-E, it's just me and Lil Weezy-We
Get off my dick!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Look, I'm Eastside, them haters 90 goin West
My niggaz pumpin so much bass, motherfuckers goin deaf
Weezy F., I'm Eastside them haters 90 goin West
My niggaz pumpjn so much bass - ("PUMP THAT BASS!")
Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi, I don't love them hoes
Got so much coke, you gon' need another nose, man
And I just play my hand, but I am not the dealer
You see I got them teardrops, I cry yo' ass a river
I got that Trukfit, t-shirt, listenin to Rebirth
I skate until my feet hurt, Hot Boy, FREE TURK
Pussy for dessert, put yo' hands beneath Earth
And I don't sell drugs, but if you need work
My homies still...

[Chorus 1/2]

[Big Sean]
Whoa, okay! 
Boy, this here's what I do-do
Got yo' sister dancin, not the kind that's in a tutu (No)
Got me in control, no strings attached, that's that voodoo (Go)
She said, "Cin't nobody do it better," I tell her,, "True-true! Yep, it's true-true!"
My, my, my bro-bro say these bitches ain't shiiiiit~!
I got the girl you came with and the girl she came wit
She leakin and drippin, whoa there, I might just come slip in
And now yo' misses went and gone missin and she addicted to what my dick did
Boy, I get it!... LIL' BITCH!

[Chorus 2: Lil Wayne] (Big Sean)
("Pump that bass!") (Finally Famous in this)
Yeah, my homies still - ("Pump that bass!") 
Ha, my homies still -  ("Pump that bass!")
Yeah my homies still -  ("Pump that bass!") 
(Lil' nigga, make my goons go...) 
Go stupid, go stupid, go stupid (Boy) 
Don't make my goons 
go stupid, go stupid, go stupid, yeah
(Boy, go dumb!)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Look, I'm Eastside, them haters 90 goin West
My niggaz pumpin so much bass, motherfuckers goin deaf
Weezy F., I'm Eastside, my nigga Sean from the West
And niggaz pumpjn so much bass - ("PUMP THAT BASS!")
Yeah... ("Pump that bass!") 
Uh-huh...  ("Pump that bass!")
Young Mula...  ("Pump that bass!")
Truk yo' girl  ("Pump that bass!")
("Pump that bass!") ("PUMP THAT BASS!")* - Target Bonus Track

{David Banner, Dav-Dav-David Banner}
{D-David, David, David, David, David Banner} 

[Lil Wayne]
Tunechi, uh...
Walked in the bank like my shit don't stank
Bitch, I'm from New Orleans, everybody ain't +Saints+
Pockets never empty, Weezy F. - full tank
Try to check me and I'ma leave that check blank
(Mwah) Tounge-kiss that pussy, make that woman have convulsions
I'm in this bitch, throwin up Blood like a ulcer (soo woo)
Real nigga like a motherfuckin slave (yea)
I R.I.P. these niggaz, like a page
Uhh... hello, how you doin, sir?
Dr. Carter M.D., that's Mur -- Der (whoa)
Bitches ain't shit (nope), and niggaz ain't neither
Bad bitches I get at'chu, like sinus (God bless you)
These niggaz is fake, like a bosom (yep)
And everybody's on edge, until you push 'em
Hah~! But the pleasure's all mine
Cause on my watch, I'm the greatest of all time
Tunechi..

[Chorus]
And I don't know how fake feel, nigga (feel, nigga)
Cause all my life, I been a real nigga (real nigga)
Yeah all my life, I been a real nigga
Don't fuck up my night, I'm like
"What's poppin? What's ya friend name?
 What y'all drinkin on? Come get a oil change"
I brung my AK, I'm on my A game
Bitch I'm a a-hole, leavin shit stains... hoe!

[Lil Wayne] 
I'm a asshole (yep), but I don't give a shit (nope)
Like a hard dick... I'm in this bitch (uh)
I'm sharp, I'm cold - icepick
Top off the Maybach, nice tits (whoo!)
I'm from Hollygrove, I usta hang with air
I make them bitches {*gasp!*}, they +Waitin' to Exhale+
I'm on some gangsta shit, knock yo' head off
Bark up my tree, that's a dead dog (uh)
Where them hoes at? (Right dere) Tell 'em I said wassup (wassup?)
I like a shaved pussy, no razor bumps (okay)
I got that paper bitch, come get a paper cut
Don't gamble in that pussy, not even Lady Luck's (Amen)
I make 'em straighten up, and fly right
When life hands you lemons, find a limelight (haha)
Yeah, and the pleasure's all mine
Cause on my watch, I'm the greatest of all time
Tunechi~!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne] 
Uh, I like my alcohol straight, bitch
I can't stop stuntin, I need my brakes fixed
Yeah I'm on that shit, like a fuckin maggot
On the road to riches, you niggaz stuck in traffic
Stomp a nigga OUT, keep the party goin
Kick them hoes OUT, if them hoes annoyin
But if they friends bad, then them hoes can join
I'm 'bout to shoot a porn, I'm castin broken arm
Got money on my mind, pussy on my agenda
I beat that pink pussy magenta for bein gentle
Man I'm hard, these niggaz is simple, gun to your temple
I smoke, 'til I look Oriental, high as a window
and I broke, these niggaz like pencils on accidental
Bitch I'm mental, dick in her dimples, lick it I tremble
I swear, that shit is mental fuck and my rent due
I school yo' ass and suspend you, you BITCH you
It's Tunechi!

[Chorus]

BLOAW!!!
Haha... YOUNG MULA, BAAAY-..[Intro: DJ Drama]
Y'all ready? Dedication, 5
{"GANGSTA GRIZILLZ!"}

[The Weeknd] + (Lil Wayne)
Everything I said I'd do, I did
I'm good, I'm good
Everything I said I'd do, I did (I did it)
Hm-mm, yeah (D5!)

But baby let's face it
I'm not into datin'
I haven't been patient
Ever since I been famous, my time has been racin'
My motives are basic
This life I've been chasin'
These hearts I've been breakin' (I'm sorry)
And these girls I been tastin' don't never get naked
They like it in a headlock, fuck 'em from behind (woo!)
Fuck 'em with their clothes on, put it to the side (woo!)
Feelings to the side (woo!) like a don do
Get 'em wet, let it slide like a sunroof
Got goals, got dreams, got a hotel crib
Got niggas that'll die for the prince
Got my city on lock, XO 'til the death
Left town in a coach, came back in a jet

I'm good (I'm good) I'm not livin' like I did before
I'm good (I'm good) I'm good (I'm better)
I said I'm good (I'm good, Stunna)
Everything I said I'd do, I did
I'm good (D5! Mack) said I'm good (gone)
Oh, I've been good (we on that GT poppin')
I've been out there puttin' down that work
I'm good (I got that work baby) said I'm good (I put it down baby)
I said I'm good (Rich Gang - so good)
Everything I said I'd do, I did
I'm good (I did it) mu'fucker I'm good (mu'fucker)
Yeah

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
This is dedicated, to everybody who forgot
Forgetful, motherfuckers
Remember - don't you remember?
I been good, we good, D5, whattup five?[Drama] A dedication...

"GANGSTA!" {*echoes*}

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And if I fuck her, she gon' get attached
Who invited all these fuck niggas?
Man, shit ain't ever smell this good
Why them snakes tryin' to tongue kiss us?
Way too cool to die young, way too young to die sober
Way too cool to die young, way too young to die sober
Sleepin' with a bad bitch, wake me up when it's all over
I'm so tired of these niggas, wake me up when it's all over

[Lil Wayne]
Bitch come kill my time, but bitch don't steal my shine
I'm cookin' up two quarters, 'bout to get rich or die tryin'
I got some killers on my side, some killer up in my swisher
All this hatin' drive me crazy, take the key out the ignition
Oh my God, it feel like Coogi weather
I lost my mind, but I got it +Back+ like +Groovy+ +Stella+
Tell them hoes I got that Victoria Secret weapon
I hope you live a double life cause you gon' need an extra
Me and my niggas, we got bad bitches up in the pool, bad bitches up in the pool
She gon' learn tonight, call that shit night school
And life is a bitch on her cycle, delightful
Got hoes on that powder like light blue, nice move
Now king me nigga, bad ass bitch, you seen me with her
We on that, GT Vodka, straight out the bottle, genie nigga
The difference between me and these niggas is I go hard and they go wrong
She say "Hit it from the back", I'm tryin' to leave that crack alone baby

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And if she love me, I'm a love her back
Who indictin' all the tough niggas?
We smoke that skunk that's always smellin' good
But why these snakes tryin' to tongue kiss us?
Way too cool to die young, way too young to die sober
Way too cool to die young, way too young to die sober
Sleepin' with a bad bitch, wake me up when it's all over
I'm so tired of these niggas, wake me up when it's all over

[Lil Wayne]
Street sweepers and millimeters, AK's and skateboards
Let 'em know we got beef for anyone who got a taste for it
Real nigga to the bone bristle, cocaine like co-cripple
Heard niggas been waitin' on me, well I might as well go and tip 'em
I'm smokin' on that Hulk Hogan, I call shots, you call forward
I pimp my ride, my car's hoin' and all my bars be barcoded
These YMCMB stars glowin', hate a hoe nigga like anchovies
My young bitch keep on snappin' on me, I told that bitch I ain't posin'
That pussy feel like a pot of gold, the money old and the night is young
All them niggas keep talkin' shit, I make you eat your words and bite your tongue
And when the guns ring I'm the ring leader, got those hoes on pins and needles
I'm so high I left Earth, and ran into Venus and Serena
Get head like a mindreader, you washed up, I'm the dry cleaner
Don't worry about me, nigga I'm one-hundred like a high fever
Got pounds takin' up closet space, guns all in my bitch crib
Since all you nigga's fly now, bugs all on my windshield

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Uhh, and if she tense then I'm a rub her back
Hah, she alright, I think I fuck with her
Man, I wish a motherfucker would/wood
I feel like a hockey puck nigga
Way too cold to die young, way too young to die sober
Way too cold to die young, give these niggas the cold shoulder
Sleepin' with a bad bitch, another bitch when I roll over
We fuck until we fall asleep, wake up and do it all over

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Uhh! D5, whattup five?
Kendrick - whattup five?[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, I got old money, take a bath in hunnids
My way or the highway and I see traffic comin'
It's Tunechi in this hoe, watch them hoes go crazy
Pass that weed around, like that shit contagious
And I got news for all these snitches, tell them feds stop bitchin'
If pussy lips could talk, I'd go down there like it's whisperin'
You know life is so uncertain and death is so unwanted
My navigation system say it's death around the corner
I got a condo for a stash house, a condo for a stash house
Get that boy a mirror so he can watch his damn mouth
See I get it from Sosa, he got it from Frank
And Sosa alright but I'm tryin' to meet Frank
He said business is well, he ain't got no complaints
You'll be Batman and I'll be Robin/robbin' the bank
I know I ain't gon' fall, even though I'm power trippin'
Glass house nigga, you see how I'm livin'
I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new age
Ain't no such thing as too paid, like it's freezin' and you naked
Shake that ass hoe...
Shake that ass hoe...

When we throw a pool party, we put sharks in the pool
I got Bloods in the cut so don't throw salt in the wound
AK wet niggas up, I don't throw water balloons
... Better call the platoon
If it's fuck it then fuck it, now you speakin' my language
Put your dead body under them white sheets with no blankets
I'm so rich, I go poor/pour, champagne and don't drink it
... Ice on my neck like I fainted
... These are the thoughts of the brainless
.. No new friends, we don't talk to strangers
Man I'm so serious with this pimp shit, full clip in my Mac 10
Ain't no exit out the game, nigga cut off your blinkers
And if she married I fuck her, if she lonely I fuck her
If she crazy I love her, y'all just don't understand her
She say "You got it made", I say "No, I got a butler"
They tell me to turn up but I'm the knob on the oven
I got a knife in my pocket if there's a fork in the road
I'm the man of steel/steal, but I won't say what I stole
Bring that coke to the stove and whip it like a new slave
Whip it like a new slave, like it's freezin' and you naked
Shake that ass hoe... yeah
Shake that ass hoe... yeah

D5! Whattup five?
Take that coke to the stove and whip it like a new slave
Whip it like a new slave, like it's freezin' and you naked
Shake that ass hoe[Intro: DJ Drama]
I mean if I was you I'd feel some type of way too
Like dang, why does he keep winnin' yet again?!
He still on all the biggest mixtapes~!
When's it gonna stop?!

[Lil Wayne]
My niggas been stuntin' since way back when
CNN, I got news for you haters
I'm a nasty ass nigga, ask your bitch, I ain't lyin'
69, that's a favor for a favor
Them hoes bitin' they lip, cause when I say shit like that, she feel some type of way
I hit it from the front, from the side, from the back, I hit it all type of ways
She throw it at me like I'm just one strike away
Sometimes life is hard to swallow but she like to taste
Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding, my lawyer fight the case
I got them flowers in me, I feel like a vase
Monsters in my closet, no more closet space
Niggas want to be this fly, too many flights to take
Enough with the small talk, my girl pussy is a waterpark
Every little thing I do turn her on -- that's autostart
I kiss every single body part, her body is a work of art
I'm way too high, her skirt too short, I think I love her, it was just a thought
I pop up in that coupe 'bout to go back to the future
And she said "Tune, not in my mouth" damn, you should've said it sooner
I be shittin' on these niggas like I'm sippin' Metamucil
And we smokin' on that gas, pass it like "excuse you"
And it's, 6-6-2's Piru all day my nigga
Before these niggas play with us, they'll play dead my nigga
And if you lookin' for me, I'll be on these bitches' mind
These niggas chicken and I've never seen a chicken fly

My bitch been fussin' at me about nothin'
Ain't no tellin' what she'd do if I replace her
Like bae, I'm straight, there's plenty fish and I'm bait
We can't even have a decent conversation
I pop the seal on my sip, and she be like "See you gon' drink your life away"
Bitch it's +My Life+, +My Life+, +My Life+, shout out Mary J.
And tell them boys that beef tastes like a slice of cake
And old folks get shot too, they write down license plates
I hope that hoe don't call sayin' her cycle late
All this fuckin' gotta stop but I need tighter brakes
And don't run from this dick girl, I don't like to chase
I wax that ass, she make that Mr. Miyagi face
And she ain't all that pretty but I like her shape
They say numbers don't lie, she shaped like a eight
She say she ain't no dyke but she gon' dyke today
It's curtains for these niggas, I feel like some drapes
We turnt up niggas, burnt up, stop the microwave
This shit might cost us our life but that's the price we pay
I'm hotter than the peppers Peter Piper ate
This that Dedication 5, whattup five? Uhh

[T.I.]
Ay Tune, I gotta turn up on the D5 man!

Hustle Gang bang green mean anybody get it
Anything we'll do for the paper
And we live this shit, talk slick, get killed
Got nothin' but a tool for a hater

[Chorus: T.I.]
Spent 100K on my wrist nigga!
This flooded Rollie make you feel some type of way (I know it do!)
Your hoe be on me, know you feel some type of way (I take your hoe!)
The car I'm drivin' make you feel some type of way (They can't afford this, nigga!)
The cash I gettin' make you feel some type of way (Bankrolls-R-Us!)
This type of way, know you feel some type of way (Hustle Gang, my nigga!)
That shit ain't hot, we out here poppin', that's all I can say (G.D.O.D!)
My only problem is tryin' to decide what I'm a drive today (Hustle Gang, my nigga!)
We shine all in they face, I know they feel some type of way (hey, hey, hey!)

[T.I.]
I wake up in a multi-million dollar crib, get dressed, I plan on havin' a nicer day (I swear I do)
When these punk ass rappers keep my name in they mouth like they some type of gay (goddamn, my nigga)
Ay, you know me dawg (you know me nigga) so watch what you say (You better watch your mouth!)
We ain't playin' no games with your lame ass nigga, fuckboy you can die today (I swear you can!)
I keep a chopper in my backseat, actually it's my Glock partner (my Glock partner!)
Play crazy if you want to, fuck around and get shot partner (get shot partner!)
I don't like these niggas (I don't like these niggas!) and really fuck these niggas (really fuck these niggas!)
Talk crazy in ya raps if you want, when you see me, you won't touch me, nigga! (won't touch me, nigga!)
I ball all around in my flip flop, you think Tip soft? Well then why don't you try me? (come try me!)
If you really gon' be dramatic, we gon' to need some music, they queuein' the violin
I'm talkin' slow singin', flower bringin', empty a clip in you earring
And you chest sting and you out the door - I hope he don't feel no way no more

[Chorus]

[Outro: T.I.]
Ay man, make no mistake about it, partner
TIP, I will get it done nigga, no matter what homeboy
Bankrolls-R-Us, Bankroll Mafia, ya understand that?
Yeah, in God we trust, it's aight, whattup partner?
Hustle Gang bang green man, that's my spiel nigga
If you don't like it, do something about it[Intro: DJ Drama]
Shoutout to Chi-Town!
Dedication 5, since '05!
Know that! {"GANGSTA!"}

[Chance the Rapper]
You feel like Kool-Aid in a wine glass, wit'cho fine ass
You fine as two grapes gettin' stomped out by a giant cask
You the best dressed with ya breasts showin'
Like a salad, no dressing; take ya to ya favorite restaurant
Ask for the bread then fuck in the restroom
They don't ask for a pass when yo ass waltz in my dress room
You the best bride and I'm the best groom
Wedding presents got my best man at the Best Buy buyin' the best of Fresh Prince for the bedroom
I'm a buy a summer house, with a rec room
And a car with no backseat and some leg room
And some strawberries and some chocolate and a fridge and some broccoli
Cause I know you like vegetables even though I don't
I won't say, I won't eat it if you chef it
Fuck it, I'll hire Geoffrey to get a beverage if you should ever get parched
You feel like Ruby Dee to me, great and powerful Ossie
Who's behind the man behind the curtain? Foxy
Coffee, brown as the bosom I flew in on
Nose round like the wheels that my rims spin on
Lips full like the light on the dash was flickin', oh wait it wasn't
Oh and I forgot I'll take a microwaver oven
So we could kick the butler out and we can make a muffin
Maybe bake a dozen
My homeboy like yo sister, maybe they can bake some cousins, ooh isn't that sweet?
You feel like Kool-Aid in a wine glass

[Chorus 4X: Chance the Rapper - singing]
This is not a love song, this is a you song
I just happen to love ya

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, give you the world if it was for me
My diamond grill make it hard to see I'm lyin' through my teeth
And now I'm flyin' on my PJ, lookin' at the clouds
Thinkin' about yo ass and how it look like a big smile
I get mental flashbacks of your ass crack, lemme get back on track
You say I act like I don't miss you, that's because I don't act
But anyway, we can role play or get straight to it
Sorry, my mind in the gutter, better yet sewer
And when you say "I love you", I stutter "I-I love you too"
It's Wayne's World, she say "What is this world comin' to?"
And she know me and whoever together, she hope we comin' loose
She told me that if she ain't the one, she gon' throw up the deuce
I laughed at her, we took a bath together and splashed each other
Then she got serious and said "Tune, I gotta ask you somethin'
Do you really love me?" I tried to change the subject
So I said some crazy shit to her like..
"What if you and I were just letters?
That'd be unfortunate we'd have to rob a fortune teller
But I swear I think I love you, fingers crossed in my pocket
Okay that's a dead subject, you bring it up, that's a zombie
You remind me of, my memory ain't what it used to be"
She said she ain't trippin', I know because I move my feet
And when she figure out that she been swindled
I'll be cleanin' that love bird shit off of my window
I-I love you too

[Chorus] - 1.5X

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
I mean how many times, h-how many times I gotta
How many times I gotta say it for it to count?
Are you countin'?
I loved the pictures, I needed that, I swear I did
I was just thinkin' about you when you sent them too
You don't believe me? I know
D5, whattup five? I-I love you too, I do[Euro]
Yeah, it's Euro nigga, hahahah
(D5!) Huh

I'm that Dominican nigga, your bitch be talkin' 'bout
I'm in a different city, you can fuck her now
I got a whole collection, of my hoe collection
YMCMB, no autocorrection
I said "Fuck all y'all niggas, except my niggas"
Security don't check my niggas, all y'all niggas gon' respect my niggas
Either that or get a whack or get a bat to the back of the neck, my nigga
Yeah that shorty with y'all with y'all cause she never met a big dog 'til she met my niggas
Got a big dream, from a small town, got a small circle, you never get around
Old hoes thinkin' I'm a put 'em on now, room full of bad bitches, I'm a put 'em all down
Always been broke, who's rich now? I ain't never had change, why switch now?
Money talks nigga, I ain't never heard shit 'til y'all heard me spit now everything loud
Got a mojo with a flow-flow, got a whole load, don't know if it's a promo
Never cuff hoes, hell no that's a no-no, coolin' in the cut with a bud sippin' Romo
Ah! No love for the po-po's, gotta pour more for my niggas in the hell hole
Never tell though, I'm a need a little more dope for my uncle cause I sell flows and he sell dope
Nigga work

[Interlude: Mack Maine]
Yeah, Euro
Whattup, this Mack the fortune teller
The nigga that put y'all on Miley Cyrus
Negrodamus, my nigga, predictin' futures
You need some lottery numbers, holla at me nigga, I got you

[Jae Millz]
(OWWW!)
Put a nigga in that hearse, long ass K, no nina
Word to Martin, I'm cold with this homie, buckshots like Pam make a nigga say "Damn Gina!" (Millzy!)
Money don't mean nothin', my youngin', I'll kill you for some sneakers (bow!)
This Dedication 5, no vacations slime, we in the end zone and they in bleachers
Cheerleaders, we ain't worried 'bout nothin', nothin'; nigga act dumb, push the button, fuck 'em
Get 'em out of here like the 6th foul in the NBA, lil nigga no discussion
Boy I'll close ya case like judge Mills Lane, all y'all wack ass niggas stay out of Millz lane
Big guns that go over the shoulder dawg; my team strapped, no overalls
So please don't make me do it, got soldiers and shooters, these bullets will swallow like shots of Kahlua
When we light up the weed then we fly like a rumor then hop on the plane and fly over you losers
Put racks on your head now you sleep in the sewer, I'm not from this era that beef on computers
Look boy if it's war, then all we comin' after you, specially I'm smashin ya, somethin' like Gallagher
Shots in your challenger, shots in your passenger, hittin' your girl then I'm passin' her
Jae Millz ain't worried 'bout nothin', Young Money ain't worried 'bout nothin'
D5!

We ain't worried 'bout nothin' (Young Money) nigga we ain't worried 'bout nothin' (Jae Millz)
Nigga we ain't worried 'bout nothin' (not a thing) nigga we ain't worried 'bout nothin' (D5)[Intro: Lil Chuckee]
Man, Mike, cut somethin' on
Man, they don't never let me get on nothin', dawg
Man cut, man cut, man cut something on, man!
Man, hurry up though before Tune get back, come on!
Yeah, D5 mu'fucker
Hm, it's Tunechi Jr. bitch!
Pops, lemme go ahead and get 'em one time, ya heard me?
Hol' up!

[Lil Chuckee]
Turn my motherfuckin' mic on and I ain't leavin' 'til the motherfuckin' lights on
This ain't a dick, this a motherfuckin' python, and if it's war call me, fuck Tyrone
You know what? It's time for y'all niggas to sit, big ass house, no room for bullshit
Such and such told me "Chuck, you ain't rich!", well tell such and such they can suck my dick
Cause I got a lot of sperm if you need it, sperm if you need it, I made you go crazy for no fuckin' reason
I beat you pussy niggas up 'til you start bleedin', menstrual cycle, fuck it, go ahead, bleach 'em
Diarrhea, I'm runnin' this shit, I'm just gettin' my laps on
All my niggas strapped up and y'all pussy niggas got strap-ons
Bitch we breed this five stars, bitch we bleed these five stars
YMCMB, you can come get fucked by five stars!
She ain't got too comfortable, I done made her stupid ass walk home
I kill the beat the barrel on the yopper round as a motherfuckin' Super Dome
You know I'm a fuckin' beast, yeah I'm a fuckin' creep, you could get these thirty clips if you wanna make a scene
Tune let me off the leash now I run the fuckin' streets, two fingers in her pussy then I tell her pussy "Peace"
Uhh! It's Chuckee, she said "Yo' name Chuckee?", I said "No, my name's Suck Me"
Introduce you to T if your stupid ass lucky, Fuke roll 'em fat, kinda got my nose stuffy
All my niggas on gas, QuikTrip and all my niggas gon' blast this shit
See, all y'all niggas doin' bad and shit so really I'm a act a fuckin' ass this year
Trukfit on my neck, that Truk mean I'll truck your ass
She got junk up in her trunk, I guess it's time to take out the trash
Hah, and you thought this shit was over
Got paper like a fuckin' school folder, if her grass ain't cut, get the lawnmower
Tony, tell them bitches it's Libra Gang, vocal lessons, let the nina sing
Before I leave up out this bitch, they gon' know my fuckin' name
Birdman Jr. Junior, fuck a dog, bitch I got a puma
Man these niggas' pussies stink, no wonder why I was smellin' tuna
Lame ass boys don't want no trouble, pussy niggas just a bunch of suckers
Smashin' all they moms, you could call me a motherfucker
Man I'm about to act an ass and this shit here just a little tease
Pull Big Willie out my pants and all them girls say "Hercules!"
Bitch I'm livin' B.I.G., my gun is Lil Cease
If that girl don't pop it off, I'll just skeet right on her weave
Okay that gold pack in my pocket, I'm like a rag up in a socket?
And when I cock that nina nine, you better not cock-block me
Uhh, YM be the shit, I say "Damn everybody else"
I be kickin' girls out the condo, I got a black belt
Huh, big bro said "It's your time nigga", you heard what the fuck the man said
Boy I body these verses, that's why they cost a arm and a leg
Left that coochie smokin', she gon' fail her drug test
My chain on freeze, call my shit under arrest
I'm gone! Hahahah

Mike, turn the mic off dawg!
Fuck, I'm just playin' around dawg
Man cut the beat off before Tune gets back![Lil Wayne]
Y'all don't.. y'all don't want no problems up in here
These niggas wear dresses and y'all call me weird?
Nigga go in niggas' pockets while we here
What kind of cologne do you wear because all I could smell is fear
Nigga, y'all don't want no problems up in here
Boy I'm from New Orleans where the dope fiends kill
Nigga's brains came out his fuckin' ear
I got a full clip, I empty the whole thing up in here
Now I'm a keep a pill and a blunt
I might pass the motherfucker but most likely I'm a flunk
Tell my bitch "I could do bad on my own"
She say "You gon' miss me nigga", I say "Bitch the thrill is gone"
I ain't drove it look better in the driveway
Married to the mob, man you niggas just some bridesmaids
Bitches give me head, instead of playin' mind games
Tattooed tears for my homies, it's a cryin' shame
You could get a Dom P bottle to your face
Niggas just construction workers, tryna build a case
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
Why your bitch blowin' me up? If I answer, I deflate
Motherfucker I'm like "Y'all don't want no problems up in here"
I fuck her 'til she cry and make that hoe drink her fuckin' tears
Lord, I hope she swallow more than tears
Then her homegirl came in the room and volunteered
Man, dreads hangin' out the ski mask
Run up in your house, the couch potatoes gettin' mashed
Run up in the kitchen, get your stash out the oven
You wonder how we know? Stop talkin' while you cuddlin'
Ain't nothin' like some pussy when you goin' through somethin'
Just called a bad bitch, I said "I'm goin' through somethin'"
Bugatti sittin' still, look like it's goin' 200
Pussy nigga keep your mouth closed like you chew onions
Motherfucker I'm like "Y'all don't want no problems up in here"
Rather be judged by my jewelry, not a jury of my peers
And I got some kush to hide in her brassiere
Yeah, and we only selling what the boat bring here
Nigga, y'all don't want no problems up in here
Cause I got shooters on the roof like some fuckin' reindeer
And I'm probably with the model of the year
I'm about to go Pac with the nose ring up in here...

Uhh, lifestyles of the rich and famous
Young Money motherfuckin' Entertainment
And y'all know Marley got the chopper up in here
Yeah, me, myself and I, the fuckin' Three Musketeers
Smoke like I fuckin' disappeared
Uhh, I check your pussy ass and wait for it to clear nigga...
Tunechi, everybody know your name like +Cheers+, nigga...
Started from the bottom now my whole team here, nigga
Tunechi!

Yeah, D5, whattup five?
I'm a worry bout me, give a fuck about you
And just as a reminder to myself
Bust every single nut in her motherfuckin' mouth
I'm like "Lord, I hope she swallow more than tears"
Tunechi[Intro: DJ Drama]
DJ Dram' for life
A Tribe Called Weezy
DJ Drama, fuck these niggas up!

[Lil Wayne]
What the fuck, nigga?

I'm a live my life, have my fun, act like I don't give a fuck
Live my life, have my fun, smoke like I don't give a fuck
Live my life, have my fun, fuck that shit, you only get one
Fuck that shit, I gotta sip some, I gotta bitch leavin', I gotta bitch comin'
Ay~! I'm gettin' more pop on my skateboard
Niggas don't want me to pop like a bungee cord
Uhh, I got my redbone head gone
That Bugatti go skrrt/skirt like the legs showin'
You think you street? I'm a jaywalk ya
I'm a basket case, where the fuckin' lawyer?
Yeah, Tunechi Lee in this motherfucker
Niggas fuck with me in this motherfucker, I'm a smoke 'em until I get lung trouble
And these, niggas sayin' they the truth
Uhh, but your pants on fire
... Like I was born in the pool
... I came up from the bottom
I'm a live my life, have my fun, skate like I don't give a fuck
Keep a brand new bitch, 'bout to get her ribbon cut
Rich but I ain't rich enough, your bitch is down, you bitchin up
Rolls Royce topless, it's about to get titty fucked
Tune!

[Euro]
Okay, live my life, have no fun, 'less you give my niggas some
Live my life, what the fuck, can't recall me givin' one
Live my life, have my fun, fuck like I don't give a fuck
And question, who the realest niggas? Okay, that's a given one
Well welcome to the murder show, show starts when the curtains close
Pass the scalpel to me, on my open-hearted surgeon flow
Why are all these coppers trippin? Bitches down there searchin' clothes
Yeah, I'm drinkin' stupid, what the fuck you think I'm swervin' for?
Look, I be with that nigga from New Orleans
Who be askin' if you heard me even though he wasn't talkin'
Seen a straight chick do some dyke shit and didn't pause
And she was probably brokenhearted, I'm so gone, I probably caused it
I'm just sayin', they ain't fuckin' with me
Bet they talkin' 'bout murderin' me
But look, Tune, I just don't see the killer in these niggas
2Pac's hologram was realer than these niggas

[T@]
Yeah! I'm a get this money, live my life and ball like I don't give a fuck
Get this money, live my life and ball like I don't give a fuck
Get this money, live my life and ball like I don't give a fuck
Rudy Gays up on the coupe and Black Mambas on the truck
I'ma dream chaser for stackin' cheddar
I'm in my Olympic Dream Team's Retros Number 7s
What you know about gettin' money?
Hop out the coupe, I got your bitch in there, I leave the engine runnin'
I hit the block, talk shit, roll a few stogies
Pop a bar, kill a lil' time on my Rollie
David Copperfield, I make a hundred disappear
Like I know Magic, but ball like Jordan
Nigga hatin' on my new deal, James Harden
I guess cause I'm the shit and you lil' niggas fartin'
With the weed, I did coke numbers, real talk
A buck fifty every three months - r-real talk

[Lil Wayne]
WTF, what the fuck nigga?
Tell them fuck niggas get the fuck nigga
Yeah, now who the fuck is with the fuck nigga?
it's just us, it-it's just us nigga
Yeah~! We the fuss, nigga
... That's a plus, nigga
And we don't fuck with snitches tryin' to bust niggas
So tell them fuck niggas get the fuck, nigga
And I'm a live my life, have my fun, skate like I don't give a fuck
Live my life, have my fun, act like I don't give a fuck
Get this money, live my life, and ball like I don't give a fuck
Smoke weed with the windows up, high as fuck but inchin' up
Pussy niggas tensin' up, are these niggas men or what?
I got your bitch antennas up, money talks, your minutes up
You can judge us, but don't sentence us, blow me like the wind would gust
We Trukfit and we supered up; WTF, who to fuck?
AHHH~! Hahahah, yeah, aww man

And this, bitch I'm rollin' with is cute
Yeah, and her ass on fire
And the whole time, I ain't feel a tooth
Then I ate that pussy 'til I lost a diamond
I'm gone! {*echoes*}"Mike WiLL Made-It..."
"Dramatic nigga~!"
"Dramatic!" {*echoes*}
"EarDrummers"

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, she say my dickhead need a crown on it
She say my cum tastes like holy water
She say she get hiccups just thinkin' of me
I said "Next time, bring your drinkin' buddy"
I told her this that "Dedication 5"
And anythin' else is a consolation prize
I said "I'm cummin'", she said "Take your time"
Yeah...

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I told her take her drawers off and she says "I ain't wearin' none"
I asked her "Who this pussy for?" She said "Ransom"
And when she says "I love you", I say "Shut up, take this dick"
She treat me like a god and tell her man she atheist
And then he calls with all that bitchin', who is this? She busy, call her later
Now we switchin', positions, we in here gettin' creative
I put champagne on her titties then sip it out her navel
Boy I live in, pussy, let me speak to my neighbors

[Lil Wayne]
I say, "Clean the puke off of the toilet bowl"
Treat the pussy like revolvin' doors
Ran outta rubbers at the corner store
She in my ear like "What you want them for?"
Well give me brains since you a smart aleck
Fuck her all night and don't smell her
Open her mind like a watermelon
Haha, you jealous

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I told her take her drawers off and she says "I ain't wearin' none"
I asked her "Who this pussy for?" She said "Ransom"
And when she says "I love you", I say "Shut up, take this dick"
She treat me like a god and tell her man she atheist
He on that phone with all that bitchin', who is this? She busy, call her later
Now we kissin', we twisted, my dick in a tornado
She say hit it, I hit it, I hit it raw like yayo
I admit it - that fuckin' corner store man, heheh

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, we makin' love like money
Yeah, yeah, like money... like money
Told her "This that Dedication 5"
Yeah, Dedication 5
I killed that pussy, it came back to life, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I told her take her drawers off and she said "Why you playin' dumb?"
I asked her "Who this pussy for?" She didn't answer
And she said "Ooh, I love you", I said "Shut up, take this dick"
Would tell her say my name but I gave her an alias
And oh my God, she swallowed triplets, she gripped with, the hand that rocks the cradle
I'm so lifted, what is this? This here's a +Dedication+
It was scripted, predicted, and shout out to my skaters
Boy I live in, pussy, let me speak to my neighbors - I say

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
D5, whattup five?
Yeah, yeah
I told her "This that Dedication 5"
We makin' love like money[Intro: Lil Wayne] + (DJ Drama)
Yeeeeah~! {"David Banner"}
Uh-uh, uh-uh (Shoutout to Uptown!) {"David Banner"}
Come on, come on, come on, come on {"David Banner"}
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
{"David-D-David-D-David-D-David Banner"}
Jump for the 17, jump for the Hollygrove - uptown, uptown
Jump for the 17 - I'ma take it uptown, uptown (Hollygrove, what up?)
Holly-grove - I'ma take uptown, uptown, yeah
Yeah, ya dig
They already heard me, ya heard me? Uh-huh
You understand me - uh-huh
They gon' leave me, baby {"GANGSTA GRIZILLZ!"}
Check me out, look

[Lil Wayne - singing]
Woke one mornin'..
Woke one mornin' (uh uh uh) tears in my eyes (uh uh uh)
And you had left me without a kiss or a note or goodbye (uh uh uh)
Now I got (uh uh uh) to learn to live alone
But my heart can't take it, I guess that's why I wait by the phone
For a call, a call from you
Sayin' she needs me back, just as much as I, need you
But I guess for the time, you need to stay away (uh uh uh)
Let me tell you baby, now I'm thinkin' of you every day

[Chorus 2X: Lil Wayne w/ ad-libs]
I'm thinkin' about you
I'm thinkin', I'm thinkin'
I'm thinkin' about you
I'm thinkin' about you

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Oops, up-side your head
I said "Oops, upside your head"
I said feet, don't fail me now (Oops, up-side your head)
I said feet, don't fail me now (I said "Oops, upside your head")
White man came down to my city
On my corner and asked me what do I do?
I said "I do what I wanna"
I said "I do what I wanna"

[Lil Wayne - singing]
I keep thinkin' 'bout the good times we had
And how we let jealousy turn all we had good into bad
Now I realize, if you just try it again
Love will play out, you'll be my girl, I'll be your only man

[Outro]
"David Banner" {*2X*}
"David-D-David-D-David-D-David Banner"[Lil Wayne]
Yeah...
I can't trust these niggas, throw some water on 'em
They tell me "Go to Hell", okay I know the owner
Strip clubs gettin' old, all the strippers hoein'
All these bitches think they dimes, watch me flip a coin
Thank you Jesus, my dogs is off the leashes
Had to leave my Spanish bitch cause she was startin' to get suspicious
Tell the beef I mean business, suit and tie nigga
You and all your dogs can get euthanized, nigga
Trigger happy nigga, I just can't stop smilin'
Thank God I'm fly, I had to thank my pilot
You think you're callin' shots, you got the wrong number
I love Benjamin Franklin more than his own mother
Throw that pussy, throw that pussy
And I don't want no throwback pussy, man fuck these pussy, ass niggas
I lay back and ash Swishers, my new shoes is ass kickers
She drink cum like she had hiccups; rest in peace to my last victim
Ahh~! We be passin' blunts, they be passin' judgement
Five blunts of that strong, call that strength in numbers
Uh, AK's with Chiquitas, you shell-shocked like Adidas
Whoever find your body, finders keepers
Yeah, it's that pure Colombia
Cause soon as the bitch tasted it, her tongue was numb
It's loaded, so I just let her jump the gun
It's that "Dedication 5" and another one, I love it!
Tunechi, yeah, free Scooter
I'm out'chea, let's get it

I done lost a couple hoes but I'm still a pimp
This change of face on my Rollie, shout out Lil Kim
Park my cars in front my house like I ain't got no garage
Just lookin' for a bitch to stay down like I'm throwin' knives
Mac so paid we 'bout to start callin' him Macintosh
I really beat that pussy up, them niggas shadowbox
These niggas sendin' threats, I'm a start sendin' hits
Bring me his head so I can make sure it's him
It's lonely at the top, it's lonely at the top
I think I'm 'bout to jump, niggas phony as a prop
Ain't nothin' on me but this chop, turn you and your homies into slop
Put your brains all over the window, people passin' window shop
Like uhh, this that pure Columbia
It's just us, fuck the rest, we got insomnia
Most likely I done fucked that bitch that's layin' under ya
She said she tryin' to see me, bitch that's Stevie Wonderful
You better, mind your business, hitman with a hit list
YMCMB, the world is ours, seconds minutes
I'm a movie motherfucker, camera man, are you gettin' this?
Burnin' blunts like bridges, turn up, missin'
Ahh! We out here with that clean work
These niggas sellin' remix, we got clean work
Kill everybody, y'all gon' need a limousine hearse
You see I'm armed like a fuckin' short sleeve shirt!
D5, what up five? Yeah[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Microphone check {"Mike WiLL Made-It"}
I still don't hear my, oh yeah I do, yeah I do
Ah, ah.. uhh {"EarDrummers"}

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Don't be lookin' for no donaaaations
You get dick, then reservaaaations
I get pussy then hibernaaaation
I start humpin' soon as I waaaake up
I woke up in some new punani!
Yeah, he woke up bleedin' like "Who shot me?"
Yeah, I kept shootin', Boo said "You got 'em"
Now all we gotta do is get rid of the body
But anyway - I woke up in some new punani!

[Lil Wayne]
I was drunk as a bitch, drunk as a bitch but not drunk as that bitch
I got in that shit, acted donkey in it, junk in her trunk, hope my trunk key can fit
Then she jumped on my dick like a monkey and shit, monkey see, monkey do, banana clips
Shoot at them niggas, no camera glitch, wax that ass, no candle stick
And I run with some killers, I eat with the mob, got some shit built up, I keep it inside
Red in my eyes, Mount Everest high, look dead in my eyes, see death in my eyes
The TEC on my thigh and my aim so good, I could shoot a fly or a bull in the eye
Hold up, all bullshit aside, a nigga almost died but I'm out'chea
Fuck around with a real nigga and get murked
I been paid my dues, will I get reimbursed?
Love it when she make faces, pussy feel like vacation
Eat it like I'm dyin' of starvation, I'm at the finish line, her heart racin'
Give her to Fuke if she Caucasian, my niggas wild as Jumanji
You can call me an S.O.B cause it's Skateboards Over Bugattis
I used to be at them Heat games with better seats than Pat Riley
Don't stop, pop that don't stop, pop that Ollie - Tunechi

[Boo]
Sippin' on dumb, puffin' a J, met her tonight, fuck her today
You tuck her away, I'm fuckin' her face, wine head, she's guzzlin' grapes (hah)
Back shots, I'm holdin' her waist, freaky, I always freak (freak!)
You know Tune my bro (Tune!) but he ain't tryna meet ya (uh-uh)
Just bring your friend, both of us'll eat her (shit!)
Hater niggas be hungry, got a hundred shots to feed 'em (bow!)
Her panties are down, her legs is up, we finally fucked, she starved for months
Don't give a fuck, still'll hit, never no feelings, no love for these hoes
No flowers, we're simple, we fucked in the Rolls, hahah
No flowers, we're simple, we fucked in the Rolls, Royce - trick!
Now they mad, I told they was, bitches'll be lyin', I did the same
Far from a square, don't mistake me for lame, she's suckin' me off, I'm pokin' her brain
She tell me keep goin', I'm doin' my thing, that pussy so wet, I'm callin' it rain
I'm givin' her hundreds, she's keeping my change, I keep it a hundred, you do the same
Most women front, but who do you blame? I gave you dick, you gave me pussy
It's safe to say it's an even exchange - bitch!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Don't be givin' out informaaaation
You know niggas still on probaaaation
I get higher than expectaaaations
You know this is the Dedicaaaation
I'm on that kush, she on that molly!
Yeah, I turn that pussy to Dasani
Yeah, shout out my nigga Luca Brasi
I don't know this hoe so I must dash, no disguises
Tunechi, I had to "Dedication 5" it

[Wayne] Uhh! Whattup five?"Drumma Boy" {*echoes*}
(DJ DRAMA!)

[Lil Wayne]
Nigga I be hard on a hoe cause a bitch ain't shit
And every hoe I done fucked done sucked my dick
I had to pour out some drank for niggas I miss
I hope my weed ain't too loud to hear the snakes hiss
It's "Dedication 5", medication high
I got to clean up after these niggas cause they be wastin' time
And boy my hoes don't get in line because they stay in line
I'm shinin' on these hoes so hard, they gettin' tan lines
It's Tunechi, I go hard, I put in work
Twin Glocks, the gift and the curse
Dirty money, no footprints in dirt
We geeked up, +The Revenge of the Nerds+
I swear, play with these niggas, that's that shit I don't do
As long as money talks, I got someone to talk to
Watch my dogs treat the beef like dog food
I got the power but a short fuse, let's go
I can't trust my iPhone, I think Siri the feds
You know snitches get stitches nigga, needle and thread
You better walk it like you talk it or we cut off your legs
Pretty please don't kill my vibe, I ain't too proud to beg
Alright, fuckin' right, shoot you up at the light
Straight take all yo possessions, call that shit poltergeist
And my homie he a sniper, we call him Wesley Snipes
I call my bitch Plain Jane cause she catch nut like a flight
I'm on a mission to get movie money, stick to the script
Your bitch leakin' information, I just follow the drip
Soon as I get that coupe, I'ma go get the rims
Toss the keys to my homie, tell that nigga it's his
I feel like He-Man when I'm in your hoe
You tell that bitch give me my space like a telescope
In her throat like Ricola, my system solar
I'm too young to die sober, your man a cobra, watch that nigga, let's go
Boy, my bitches got bitches badder than your bitches
But I can't trust none of them bitches though, like magicians
Straight blowin' money fast, I'ma get a ticket
Soon as I get off paper I'ma smack a nigga!
No broken mirrors, I can't see myself broke
Right back pocket flag redder than a velvet rope
Never say never, she might do her friend, you never know
Shorty make that dick stand up like it's tellin' jokes
Uhh, I swear to God, I put in work
I'm on them shrooms, my goons on alert
I spit these bars, this a universe
You better duck, like Dooney and Bourke
I'm tellin' you, shoutout Turk, it's Hot Boys, bitch +Tha Block Is Hot+
If I ain't have the keys to success, I would have picked the lock
Diarrhea shit don't stop until my fuckin' casket drop
Still got that crack, maybe one day I'ma pass the rock
Tunechi, "Dedication 5", whattup five?{*conversation between two guys*}

[Intro: Method Man sample]
"Cash rules... cash rules everything around me"
"C.R.E.A.M, get..."

[Chorus: Method Man sample]
"Cash rules everything around me"
"C.R.E.A.M, get the money; dollar, dollar bill y'all"

[Euro]
Uhh, Euro, check (D5!)
I've been havin' these nightmares, of losin' time with no reward
Momma would call the Lord before she call the law
Then I went and found time in an Audemars
Time is money so I spent it all tryin' to order more
They say beef is a poor man's sport
Behind the money get that rhyme report, fuck it

[Chorus]

"Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!"
"GANGSTA!" {*echoes*}

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, I don't cut the work, drop top on 20s
Soon as I learned how to talk I talked business
Nigga's ain't safe, all nine innings
And to you it's just change, I want every JC Penny
And I walk up in your funeral late, suit rented
Lift a mini skirt, get behind her like Benny
Goin' at your neck, get the rope, tie a noose
This a gut check now who do I write it to?
I'm +Derrty+ like ENT, shout out to Murphy Lee
Gotta cut up the credit cards, plastic surgery
I'm a god, mercy me, I'm higher than mercury
Smokin' on that strong, full of that Hercules
Bartender, hurry up, hurry up with my drink
Niggas pullin' capers like they come with a string
I'm standin' over the stove with my gun in the sink
Cause' I don't know what niggas thinkin' but I know how they think
Uh, catch a skateboard to the jaw
I'm in that pussy, she in awe
And this here is my homeboy Quick Draw McGraw
I'm even on both sides of the seesaw
You can get your head cut off with a saw, yeehaw
Kill you and your right-hand man, Southpaw
Money over bitches and above the law
Money over bitches and above the law, money

[Chorus] - 2X

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, uh
Pocket full of money with a posse full of hitters
Black and white Porsches like a Nazi with a nigga
Money make the world, 360
We throw them dollars up, them bitches better be frisbees
Pounds in the freezer, fifty rounds in the sweeper
Counter full of coke, naked bitch baggin' up
And if the bitch stealin', I know where her momma live
I love this shit so much; I got on a tux
Man it's been a minute since I seen my nigga Bubba
Some niggas fade away, some niggas hit the jumper
Kidnap your niece, don't cry, call your uncle
We don't wanna hurt ya baby, we just want your uncle
25 lighters on the dresser, yessir
I ain't hearin' that bullshit, I'm deafer
Then left her, somewhere out wherever, they find your body severed
You know they findin' niggas guilty like they find the treasure, but get your money
On occasions, I get too wasted, it's an occasion
I heard a nurse say "Thank you for being so patient"
I know my niggas got me, we good forever
Get the cheese nigga, please avoid the shredder
Turnin' good to better, gotta pull it together
I wish that blood on the floor, was rose pedals
Real gangstas die of old age
And old money get paid, my nigga
Tunechi

[Chorus] - 4X[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Look what you made me do! Me, that's who!

[Lil Wayne]
I'm sorry for the wait, I'm sorry for the wait (tell 'em)
"Tha Carter" gon' be late so I cooked up a tape (tell 'em)
The garden's full of snakes so I had to escape
Lil homie gon' be straight, lil homie gon' be straaaight~!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
Yeah, and I'm sorry for the wait too
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Fuck it! This that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
I ain't trippin', I got Barbie, I got Drake too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table

[Lil Wayne]
Who kept this shit together, nigga? Me, that's who
Who was there when niggas left us, nigga? Me, that's who
Cash Money is an army, I'm a one-man army (yeah)
And if them niggas comin' for me, I'm goin' out like Tony (bow bow bow!)
Now I don't want no problems, I just want my money
Ain't gotta hold no conversation or my luggage
Tell whoever's countin' that I'm on a hundred
Woo! Birdman Jr., more like Ugly Duckling, mm
Takin' over, now I'm takin' over, yeah
Think it over? Bitch I'm thinkin' forward
I'm sippin', lean, out a, glass, nigga
All I got is Young Money, no more Cash nigga - ayyyy~!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
No more "Am I my brother's keeper?" Cain and Abel
Young Money sharp, I'm still eatin', I just chipped my tooth
Tell them niggas no love lost cause I ain't got shit to lose
I told myself to save yourself cause I can't save you
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
I found the needle in the haystack, put the thread through
I tried to stitch the wound back up but I just bled through

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's compensation over conversation
Lord I must got blurry vision, a nigga's got two faces
Lord, this game is a vampire
Blood you gotta protect your neck, it'll suck you dry like raisins, Lord
But fuck that nigga, gun drawn out, fuck that, nigga, I'ma ball out
The day you met me is the day Hell froze, on the day I left is when it thawed out
I'm still in the buildin', I just had to knock a couple walls down, had to kick y'all out
Life is a movie but sometimes a nigga get too tired of watchin' and walk out
Takin' over, Lord I'm takin' over
Dropped the "Sorry 4 The Wait" until the wait is over
Mm, sippin', lean, out a, flask, nigga
And all I do is smoke, fuck and thrash, nigga - ayyyy~!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
Fuck these haters, throw your board up if you skate too
I send my goons to kill somebody, I need head proof
Then they come through and sit it on my coffee table
Tunechi, niggas don't appreciate you
You've been down since day one, it meant nothin' on day two
Sometimes the truth is hard to swallow and to say too
But I graduated from that bullshit now I hate school

[Lil Wayne]
And now I'm takin' over, now I'm takin' over
The old me dead and gone, that's who I'm prayin' over
Might have to go back to slangin' yola 'til the wait is over
If so then I got bakin' soda, I got bakin' soda[Intro: Lil Wayne]
I'm so sorry, so sorry, woo!
This, this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2" {"EarDrummers"}
And I'm so sorry {"Mike WiLL Made-It"}
Uh

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
"Sorry 4 The Wait" nigga, Glock 40 for them fake niggas
Throw a party everyday nigga, that's an ordinary day nigga
Bad bitch in mi casa, no mi casa su casa
My chopper go doom dada - tha-ya-ya-yada!

[Lil Wayne]
Tunechi bitch, on my Future shit, I'm too legit, I sleep on a crucifix
I wake up cranky and turn into a lunatic then shoot my bitch behind orange juice and grits
Uzi clip, I need another uzi clip, I shoot to kill, these pussy niggas shootin' bricks
I'm too for real, your head just a souvenir, she wanna get it off her chest but her boobs too big
I'm bumpin' "Carter V" on a iPod, my bitch mad as hell cause it ain't out yet
She said "Soon as these niggas hear your new shit, they gon' have to give they styles back"
I said "You too cray", she said "You too humble"; I said "You too, bae", she said "You too sweet"
Then I asked her do, she go both ways? She say "They do say love is a two way street"
I said "Ooh, talk dirty, talk dirty, dirty, talk dirty to me"
Treat that girl like cuisine, she gon' wanna shoot scenes, put my dick in museum
I'm gon' die on my feet, never knees in the dirt, never dirt on my knees, I'm just servin' these fiends
Sell birds to the bees, I sell birds to the trees, Tune I heard you don't sleep, I'm allergic to dreams
I don't twerk but I tweak for that purple, that pink, yeah you see what I'm sayin' like you heard what you see
I'm a verbal disease, I'm allergic to me
Been a turd on these streets since my curtains was sheets
Chef on these beats, I'm just stirrin' the grease, that bitch you in love with, she workin' for me
I personally get you murdered this week like that blunt between my two fingers, I'm at peace
Word, I smirk when I squeeze, trigger smart, street smart, I'm a nerd, I'm a geek
I'm absurd, I'm unique, did my time in Cash Money, time served and released but this agent ain't free
Word, that's the word on these streets but that shit is old news, that shit is so yesterweek
I'm just focused, focused on my expertise
They like "Tunechi, you good?" I'm like "Bob, yessiree!"
Now don't, I mean don't, don't question me, let me breathe
Dog... big dog, I cock back and shoot at ya fleas
Money long -- tree trunk, now stand under me, catch these leaves
I guarantee no guarantees but repeat what you heard, you a dead parakeet
It's Tunechi, bitch; your bitch Tunechi bitch, I fuck her on my balcony, we watch the moon eclipse
We do unusual shit, she gonna need lube for this cause I'ma stick it in her maximus gluteus
We at the top of the world, she like the view and shit, from up here everybody look the puniest
The coke got her all exuberant, she doin' lines like a movie script but these are true events
Lord! I'll kill a nigga right now, I'll put a nigga lights out
Then put his body in a icebox with holes in his body like socks
These niggas softer than, these niggas softer than nylon, so keep my name out your mouth, I hope it taste like cayenne
Lookin' up at the skyline, I'm thinkin' to my fuckin' self "You only live twice slime"
And motherfuck you if you fight crime, I'm from a place with a high crime rate like Iran
We put your ass on Nightline, I'm on the grass like a python
These niggas lookin' at me, these niggas lookin' at me sideways, that's because they on the sideline but they never try mine
Spittin' like I'm sippin' cyanide while my bitch sip a Mai-Tai but she wine fine

And I'm so sorry
She say "Don't be sorry"... woo!
Then she said "Don't apologize for shit
Cause you the shit and we know "Tha Carter V" the shit"
Woah.. woo!

[Chorus]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Ay, and I'm so sorry for the wait
I'm so sorry, so sorry, woo!
This, this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
And I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry[Lil Wayne]
Ooh yeah, Lil Tunechi got it jumpin' like Jordan
These pussy ass niggas can't guard me, these rookie ass niggas still crawlin'
These lookin' ass niggas eye ballin', these hookin' ass bitches eye ballin'
But I got a bad bitch at home cookin' dinner, hi honey, I'm home, I'm starvin'
These crooked ass cops still winnin', black man family still mournin'
Black president ain't doin' nothin', we need a real nigga up in that office
Got the White House jumpin' like Jordan, got the crack house jumpin' like Jordan
I want my new house bigger than Jordan's, with a backyard bigger than a forest like ooh!
Bedroom jumpin' like Jordan, hoes at the door and they arguin'
This dick a superstar, they want stardom, my life like Bailey and Barnum's
These bitches ain't got no manners, these niggas ain't got no standards
My bitch ain't got no love handles, boy I'm clippin' that toe on that camel
I got bitches, that'll, kill, for me - Charles Manson
Suck this, +Thuggish, Ruggish, Bone+, swallow that +Bone+ marrow
Ooh, chopper, sittin', on my, lap like the mall Santa
Nigga shoot you all in your gall bladder, your pallbearers need pallbearers
I'm mixin' weed like gumbo, I knock your head off - fumble
Homeboys be cutthroat, that shit got me with a lump throat
But Tunechi bigger than Elvis Presley, Young Money was my best investment
Goin' harder than my predecessor, I don't break records, I sets the records
Lil Tunechi comin' back like Kobe, niggas stab me in the back, I owe 'em
Got a house in the hills now a nigga gotta deal with mountain lions and coyotes
See me, I keep that semi; and friendly, I can't be friendly
Freckles, them bullet holes look like freckles; you look like Wendy's
House in the hills jumpin' like Jordan, I can't swim but I'm throwin' pool parties
Got a bitch over there and a bitch over there, a young nigga startin' to feel cornered
My LA house jumpin' like Jordan, my Miami house jumpin' like Jordan
Can't forget about my house in New Orleans, so sorry for the wait, I'm sorry
I want my new bitch titties enormous, with a backyard and a pretty garden
With a pussy more pink than an orchid, young nigga gonna treat her like a florist
I got my side bitch feelin' important, I got my main bitch feelin' immortal
I got my ex bitch feelin' insulted cause wifey get money like Kimora
I got a fine bitch feelin' exhausted cause I'ma put this dick on her 'til tomorrow
I'ma pull up on a bitch in a Gallardo then I'ma take the top off like a barber
I go down and kiss her Pearl Harbor, she's so down with this New World Order
Fuck the shit out her in a sauna, sweat her hair out, she look like Al Sharpton
Got a goon named Fernando at the front door of your condo
Knock knock, who's there? He don't care, he's psycho
Bad bitch with a nice throat, she ice cold and she like hoes
Ooh, she just my type, these other hoes just typos
Young nigga comin' back like Jordan, so sorry for the wait, I'm sorry
Yeah a nigga had to go back to the stash but a nigga stash like James Harden
Young nigga drank lean like water, young nigga smoke weed like Marley
Young nigga on the moon like Warren, young nigga on this shit like Charmin
Ooh, my bitch got a rack, Dolly Parton, fuck her all night long to some Marvin
Fall asleep in the pussy good lawdy, woke up in a new Bugatti, good mornin'
Young nigga got guns, good luck, Nina Ross say "Me so horny"
Lil Tunechi at the top, it's so lonely, got fat pockets, never bony
I'm with a model bitch, she so boney, I done shook shit up, it's so foamy
I just cooked this up, it's still hot, you could still smell the kitchen on me
Nigga I have your homies singin', damn I miss my homie
I got a mountain of weed, I got a mountain of cash, I got mountains like Wyoming
I got a bad bitch and she foreign, she always mad with me, I'm sorry
She say "Damn, why you can't call me?" Cause they be taxin' for that roamin'
She a tan bitch, she orange, I can't stand a snitchin' informant
Niggas cook crack on a Foreman while y'all boys was still sparrin'
Uhh, this that "Sorry 4 the Wait 2"
Tell the dead homies you pray to you're on your way too
That the truth is hard to swallow, you got fake juice
Even Slick Rick The Ruler know I break rules
Ooh, got the gas out shootin' like Jordan
I put your homeboy face on a t-shirt and put your own face on a milk carton
Busy, I've been so busy, ain't even got time for quickies
That's why my bitch been so bitchy, I'm out'chea tryin' to get me
I'm comin' back out jumpin' like Jordan, I'm so sorry for the wait, I'm tardy
I wrote a letter to my competition, it started off with "Dearly Departed"
Hippie, I be so trippy, give her pussy a hickey
I hope she ain't strictly dickly so we can menage/Minaj to Nicki, oohh[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Get rid of the residue
Get rid of all the white like Selsun Blue
It's that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
I'm so sorry, I feel terrible
Yeah I know I keep on tellin' you...

[Lil Wayne]
Le'go! it's all about the Young fuckin' Money
It's a war in these streets, I need a Humvee
That AK-47, that's my trusty
Got some tricks up my sleeves, I need some cufflinks
Oh Lord, these niggas soft, these niggas fluffy
Another one bites the dust 'til his gums bleed
Oh Lord, Public Enemy, Chuck D
Me with no money's like a bunny with no front teeth
Fuck me? It's fuck you if it's fuck me
I hit the kush, blow it out like a bum knee
Where the haters? Point 'em out and ask 'em "What's beef?"
Stackin' 100 dollar bills in a scrunchy
Oh Lord, kamikaze kidnappin' killers
... Screamin' fuck the other side
She ride the dick, the dick gon' kill her
... Vehicular homicide
Oh Lord, I'm sorry for the wait nigga
... I'm sorry for them other guys
Lay a nigga down, Nina sing his ass a lullaby
Wave your white flag all you want bitch, I'm colorblind
Bad bitch with me got thunder thighs and her mother's eyes
Li-li-li-lick my +Lollipop+ like it got gum inside
Miami in the winter, Cali in the summertime
My bitch is independent, she don't ask me for a dime
Love it when we makin' love, hate it when it's fuckin' time
Disrespect the caterpillar, rave about the butterfly
Bullet ain't got no name nigga but you could get it customized
Run up in your house undisguised, why you look surprised?
Motherfuckers better fuckin' hide, I feel like Mr. Hyde
Athletes still gettin' jacked like they missin' tires
Oh Lord, one of the wildest bees in my hive
I'll sting a bitch and die anytime
Hate it when the fuckin' police shut the session down
We just talkin', we just skatin', we just messin' round
Tell them niggas that be hatin' we ain't messin' round
They just barkin', they just fakin', they gon' settle down
We got bitches, we got beer, we got Bobby Brown
Skatin' underneath the bridge, dead body found
Do a trick over the body, hope he smilin' down
Do a trick off of some stairs, land on solid ground
Grizzly Gang in this bitch, check the grip tape
Nigga came on your bitch, ooh milkshake
Chop a cocaine brick like a sensei
Break the great white down to a fish plate
Woo! Pockets on inflate
Got the yay/'Ye locked down like Kim K.
I been sippin' codeine since 10K
I be cussin' while I'm bussin', die motherfuckers
Oh Lord

[Chorus][Intro: RiFF RAFF sample]
"Boys, now listen, we got more mu'fuckin' TV screens
On the outside of the damn tour bus than on that mu'fucker
Boys playin' Playstation
We come through mu'fuckin' hang glidin'
Off of mu'fuckin' Versace skyscrapers
I-I-I don't, I don't get it, what more can you ask for?"

[Drake]
Yeah, sound sound sound
Yeah, real 6 side shit
Sickos, heheh, aw man

Yeah! When you get to where I'm at
You gotta remind 'em where the fuck you at
Every time they talkin' it's behind your back
Gotta learn to line 'em up and then attack
They gon' say your name on them airwaves
They gon' hit you up right after like it's only rap
Jewels look like I found a motherfuckin' treasure map
And ain't told no one where the fuck it's at
Shout out to the G's from the ends
We don't love no girls from the ends
I'm gon hit 'em with the wham once again
I'ma always end up as a man in the end, dawg
It's just apparent every year
Only see the truth when I'm starin' in the mirror
Lookin' at myself like "There it is there"
Yeah, like "There it is there, man"
Woo! I ain't tryna chance it
I be with the bands like a nigga went to Jackson State or Grambling
Young Nick Cannon with the snare drum dancin'
Watch the way I handle it, uh~!
Bring it to the bedroom, you know that shit is candle lit
She know I'm the man with it, uh~!
With the bands like I must've went to Clark, went to Hampton
I ain't playin' with it

[Chorus: Drake]
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gon' take some gettin' used to (what you say?)
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to (what you say?)
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to (what you say?)
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to, man

[Lil Wayne]
When you get to where the fuck I'm at
You gotta remind 'em about where you been
About all of the money that done came and went
About the two cents I ain't never spent
When they say you're too famous to pack a gat
I gotta remind 'em about where I'm from
Not about where I'm goin', about where I've gone
Steppin' on a Swisher roach like a steppin' stone
Goin' at a nigga throat like a herringbone
Boy, do I smell beef? Mmm, pheromones
Got a fuckin' halo over my devil horns
Trap pumpin' all night like Chevron
Suck a nigga dick for a iPhone 6
Fuck my nigga Terry for a new Blackberry
You can get buried for a ounce of Katy Perry
I was only five but still remember the drought in '87
Lord, tell them bitches I ain't got no times to play games with 'em
I ain't got no time
Told her that I love her and I hate her in the same sentence
I'm fuckin' her mind
I got, mind control over Deebo
Parmesan my panino
Promethazine over Pinot
And when my bloods start shootin' that's B-roll, bitch!

[Chorus] w/ Lil Wayne singing along

[Drake] + (Lil Wayne)
Yeah (woo!)
They don't love you like they used to (what you say?)
In the city with the, windows down, like I used to (yeah)
Like I.. it's gon' take gettin' used to (yeah)
Man, they don't love you like they used to, man
(And I'm so sorry!)

[Outro: RiFF RAFF sample]
"Let's just let bygones be bygones, okay?
Let's just go ahead and just let bygones, be bygones
I pull up lookin' like a damn cyborg, weighin' 224
Aw man, these boys don't even understand
Listen, when you see OVO Jodi pull up on the scene with Drake
For goodness sakes, well for goodness sakes
You see this mixtape you listenin' to? This an album
We, we could, yeah we could've, we could've sold it to you for, oh what, 17.99
Or 29.99 with the shirt, buy it at Target, hah
These motherfuckers trippin' so hard I had to look down and double check
Cause I thought they had their shoes tied together
Motherfuckers got they shoes tied together; what more could you ask for?
Boys harassin' me, with these questions
How about this? How about don't ask me no more motherfuckin' questions
We ain't doin' no interview!"{"EarDrummers"}
...
{"Mike WiLL Made-It"}

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Cause I ain't got no type, no
But when I met codeine, it was love at first Sprite
Countin' dirty money all night, where the wipes?
I like my Swisher Sweet fat as fuck with cellulite, yeah
My bitch got a wife, yeah
Got me walkin' 'round feelin' like Dolemite
And these niggas talkin' crazy but they don't get out of line
They pockets sayin' "vacant" and my shit say "occupied"

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, bad bitch on my team, mmm
Bad bitch on my team, just like Katniss Everdeen
Got lipstick everywhere
I got her shakin' on this dick-dick-dick-dick-dick-dick like a, electric chair, Lord
I got liquor, I got cigarettes
And these pussy ass niggas just got PMS
I don't think you should see him nor live off per diem
She just took off her clothes and said "You ain't lyin'"
She pretty like the bride of Frankenstein
She kill it like she married to the mob
I can't let one of these hoes lock me down, momma
She said "Don't worry son, I'll help you make bond
Cause these hoes throwin' pussy like hand grenades
Don't let it blow up in your face now"
Had to buy my dick a barricade
And a mothafuckin' K9
Diamonds in my teeth, I'm eatin' carrot cake
So, hard for me to put on a fake smile
I had to buy my dick a barricade
Yeah, and a mothafuckin' K9
I got cocaine, I got cigarettes
I don't do neither, it's at my bitch request
She like bad boys, I'm her crook in the neck
Her suicide note say she love me to death
Ooh, for her Lewinsky is so critical
And I didn't mean to get political
I watch her, let her figure slither
But I don't look into her snake eyes

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I ain't got no type, no, mm
But when I met codeine, it was love at first Sprite {"EarDrummers"}
I been countin' dirty money all night, where the wipes?
I like my Swisher Sweet fat as fuck with cellulite {"Mike WiLL Made-It"}
Ooh, my bitch got a wife, yeah
Got me walkin' 'round feelin' like Dolemite
And these niggas talkin' crazy but they don't get out of line
They pockets sayin' "vacant" and my shit say "occupied"
Yeah... but when I met codeine, it was love at first Sprite
I been countin' dirty money all night, where the wipes?
I like my Swisher Sweet fat as fuck with cellulite
Ooh, my bitch got a wife, yeah
Got me walkin' 'round feelin' like Dolemite {"EarDrummers"}
And these niggas talkin' crazy but they don't get out of line
I'm +Sorry 4 The Wait+ til I drop that "Carter V" {"Mike WiLL Made-It"}

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, these hoes throwin' pussy like hand grenades
Yeah, don't let it blow up in your face now
Mm, yeah, had to buy my dick a barricade[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Mm, she live in Fort Lauderdale and I'm closer to South Beach
I told her to come over, she said "Okay, don't fall asleep"
She say she can be my housewife and keep my house clean
I say "Shut the fuck up, put this dick back in your mouth please"
I don't see nothin' wrong with some mouth and lip service
Tunechi in this bitch, I'm tighter than a pinched nerve bitch
I didn't answer my phone, I said "I couldn't get service"
My new Nina just told me that she sick of bein' a virgin

[Lil Wayne]
Baggin' up the work for a hour, fingers hurtin
Let my bitches help, before they leave, I check they purses
Sorry for the wait, the confusion, the disturbance
Got me movin' weight, prostitution and these verses
Whippin' in the kitchen in the trap house with my shirt off
I'ma get these millions and I put that on my first born
Got that old Juvie bumpin', talkin' bout the 3rd Ward
The D.A. was a dick and the judge was a jerk off
Got a bad bitch, body curvy like a curveball
Let her drank too much now her pussy taste like Smirnoff
Sleepin' on chinchilla boy, I'm cozy like a fur ball
Fuck the other side nigga, we could have a turf war
Sorry for the wait, had to drop this part two and shit
Just to let you know that a nigga still doin' it
Workin' like a slave on my Roots part two shit
Gotta let 'em know that Lil Tunechi still Tunechi, bitch - bop bop bop!
Fuck with me wrong, get that hammer, thank God I'm home from the slammer, was gone for the hammer
Stompin' the yard like a gamma, niggas was goin' banana, I'm calm like a camel
I'm smokin' that strong like a camel, I bet my life when we gamble
Y'all shippin' keys, we shippin' grand pianos, I'm in that Lam Diablo, pyoo like ammo
I'm gone, two fingers up bitch, I'm gone; rich forever, Jerry Jones
I gotta hustle, keepin' my destiny goin' like the House of Deron
This plane that I'm on is private, my very own so no checkin' my carry-ons
She sent a picture naked, I said "It's on"

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
But she live in Fort Lauderdale and I'm closer to South Beach
I told her to come over, she said "Okay, don't fall asleep"
She say she can be my housewife and keep my house clean
I say "Shut the fuck up, put this dick back in your mouth please"
I don't see nothin' wrong with some mouth and lip service
Tunechi motherfucker, tighter than a pinched nerve, bitch
I didn't answer my phone, I said "I couldn't get service"
My new Nina just told me that she sick of bein' a virgin

[Lil Wayne]
Now I don't get excited nigga, I just get exotic
I don't get invited to these bitches' pity parties
I don't do narcotic even though a nigga got it
Countin' all this money, I feel like I got arthritis
Baggin' up the work for a hour, fingers hurtin'
Let my bitches help me, 'fore they leave, I check their purses
Sorry for the wait, the confusion, the disturbance
Boy we movin' weight, prostitution and these verses
Whippin' in the kitchen in the trap house with my shirt off
I'm gon' get these millions and I put that on my first born
Got that old Juvie bumpin', talkin' 'bout the 3rd Ward
The D.A. was a dick and the judge was a jerk off
We yellin' "Su-woo, su-woo, su-woo..."
Yeah, you hear us yellin' "Su-woo, su-woo, su-woo"
Blood gang, nigga

And it's that "Sorry 4 the Wait 2"
Woo! And I'm so sorry for the wait too
Yeah... sorry for the wait, had to drop that part two and shit
Just to let you know that a nigga still doin' it
Workin' like a slave, talkin' Roots part two and shit
Sorry for the wait, Lil Tunechi still Tunechi bitch[Lil Wayne]
I'm sorry for the wait nigga
I'm tighter than these pussy hoes, I'm chafe nigga
Pockets full of crumbs, I'm a breadwinner
{"Jahlil Beatz, holla at me!"} Get 'em!

Uh, I'm sorry for the wait nigga (sorry)
I'm aimin' at your Beats by Dr. Dre nigga (bow!)
I put up some ornaments today, nigga (Why?)
Cause round here, everyday a holiday nigga~!
This that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2" (Sorry 4 The Wait 2)
That AK shoot like K do (bow!)
Had to tell myself "Tune just stay tuned" (ay)
Swear I got the hardest flow, my shit break brooms (ooh)
Uh, I been hot since 1998 nigga (ay)
That's 98 degrees, Nick Lachey nigga (ay)
Hope you know the Feds got Instagram
They likin' every photo that you take nigga~!
I was totin' a gun before a switchblade (yeah)
Cut your head off and put it on display (bitch)
Boy we find out where you live and then we invade (bitch)
Boy we do not kill no kids but your bitch dead (bitch~!)
Ooh, shawty like the way that you floss out (ay)
'Til I shoot you in the head, now she grossed out (eww)
I'm the boss, you just heard it from the horse mouth
I told a nigga count on me and niggas lost count!
This world is only preparation for the next (alright)
Money bags under my eyes, money over rest
Tryna get 100 M's out the alphabets (ooh)
Open up my mouth to smile, ooh, treasure chest (ooh)
Ooh, DJ Stevie J keep the Glock on him (Stevie J)
I just bought a new .44 and I'm a proud owner (bow bow bow!)
Belfast and Monroe that was our corner
Fuckin' fast in your hoe, ooh, cowabunga
Sip some lean, pop a Xan bar (Xan bar)
My bougie bitch pussy taste like caviar (caviar)
Once I fuck a bitch, her pussy is a landmark (ay)
I don't know how you like your steak but I'm in rare form (get 'em)
Fuck them bitch ass niggas, fuck whoever care for 'em (get 'em)
Momma jumped out a plane, I was airborne (see ya)
Gold watches, gold chains , watch for Leprechauns (what)
Favorite subject was PE -- Pablo Escobar
Kill him when he least expect it at a restaurant (bow~!)
Throw him with the rest of 'em in a reservoir (burn 'em)
I'm the renaissance man, peep my repertoire
Excuse my French but it's menage a trois, au revoir (ayy!)
Ooh, my Nina Ross got a bad mouth (yeah)
Yeah, I'm consumin' grass like a cash cow (yeah)
Give a fuck 'bout a police with his badge out (fuck 'em!)
If you ain't got a warrant, get up out my DAMN HOUSE!
This that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2" (2)
This a all white affair, I brought the yay through (coca)
She said "Tunechi skate through and I'ma skate you"
I'm aimin' at your grapefruit (blaow!) grape juice (ahh!)
Ooh, tell them bitches free dick and blow (no)
Give me HEEEAD, can't kiss no more
I got free jewelry, car keys, and more
And I just started robbin' like a week ago~!
100 diamonds on my bitch, I don't bling no more (no)
$200,000 for a show, you gotta speak to Po (Po)
Yeah, got me on my Young Money shit (young Money shit)
No Cash Money, just Young Money shit (wooo!)

Woo! Got me on my Young Money shit
My nigga Chaz Ortiz in this bitch with me
Mula! {*echoes*}[Lil Wayne]
I woke up in that pussy and startin' strokin'
You woke up and said "Go baby"
She said "Fuck me hard, don't take it easy on me
Don't do me no favors"
.. No neighbors
Pussy like water, got no smell, ain't got no flavor
She treat the tip of my dick like a waitress
She doin' tricks on my dick cause I'm a skater, ay~!

[Christina Milian]
We've been drinkin' and they've been talkin'
But we ain't worried, we just look the other way
It's time to roll up and get it started
It's bout that time, I've been feenin' all day
I want you right now
Right in the skate park, ridin' on your skateboard
You, right now - we drunk in love
I wanna do it all night, we won't stop
Got me feelin' like Aaliyah when you make my +Boat+ +Rock+
Baby be my leader, tell me how you want it papi
How you want it papi? How you want it?

[Chorus 2X: Christina Milian]
We gon' be fuckin' all night, we ain't makin' love
We ain't makin' love
So you gon' watch me - wha-wha-wha, drop it like it's hot
I'ma - wha-wha-wha, drop it like it's hot

[Lil Wayne]
Okay, okay, hol' up
Throw that, throw that pussy girl; throw that, throw that pussy
Got you walkin' crooked, lookin' drunk as Uncle Woody
Hol' up, I don't even drink, I just be on that drank
I just be on that dank and wide awake like I ain't
So I'ma wear that ass out all night, you get hard dick all day
Pussy always tight and warmer than The North Face
Ooh, talkin' crazy, dick gon' have you walkin' crazy
Round this bitch lookin' handicapped, at least you'll get good parkin' spaces
Look at things on the bright side, hit that ass from the right side
I'ma fuck the shit out ya, no more Mr. Nice Guy
Ooh girl, you gon' get this dick, we don't do romance
She ride the dick so fast like "Look ma, no hands"
Oh, I'ma pull her hair, I don't care if it ain't her hair
I'ma paint her pussy lips white, white like Dave Chappelle
You gon' suck your finger, after you play with yourself
I'm like "Fuck all that singin', you about to yell"

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I woke up in that pussy and startin' strokin'
You woke up and said "Go baby"
She said "Fuck me rough, don't take it easy on me
Don't do me no favors" (ay)
.. No neighbors (ay)
Fuck you so hard you turn around like "Goodness gracious" (ay)
You ask for this and you know I accommodate ya
She doin' tricks on my dick cause I'm a skater, ay~!

[Christina Milian]
And that purp mixed with that Sprite
My body high and we gettin' right with that Swisher hit that light
Boy no speakin', we freakin', play around with my boy toy
He slidin' through that half pipe while I'm ridin' on that skateboard
Skateboard, skateboard
Ridin' on that, grindin'-grindin' on that (hol' up)
He surfin' all that, he surfin' all that hood hood
I'm ridin' on that, twerk-twerkin' on that good good

[Chorus]

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And this that "Sorry"
This that, you won't be sorry
No, you won't be sorry, yeah
Thank you for your patience, ay~!
This that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
You won't be sorry; no, you won't be sorry
But this that "Sorry 4 The Wait 2"
And I thank you for your patience, yeah[Intro: Lil Wayne]
{*muttering*} Nigga!
I'm sorry for the fuckin' wait
Was busy, racin' Ferraris with Lil Reginae
That's gangsta, you know I always come in second place
You hatin', it's written all over your fuckin'

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Bitch, you jealous
Woo! And I was right
Yeah, hehe, bitch, you jealous
Stuntin' on these, stunt, stunt, shit niggas don't like
Hehe, tell a fuck nigga "Bitch, you jealous"
I'm sorry for the wait, apologetic
Yeah, uh, bitch, you jealous
Now give us our cash and our credit
Pop, pop, sorry for the

[Lil Wayne]
Ridin' around like Pablo, still talkin' that blanco
My Nina sing soprano so we gon' leave on a high note
Come out my shell like Raphael, and crack yours like a taco
Lil Wayne tougher than John Wayne, make him change his name to John Doe
It's me and my lil brother Capo, Lil Marley G and my bottom bitch
If I'm fallin', it's bottomless; if I'm trippin', it's a power trip
Her pearl tongue like the pearly gates and with that said, I climb the fence
My other bitches gotta ride the bench and with that said - bitch you jealous
I'm fly like my dreadlocks propellers, I think I should headline Coachella
My woman a queen like Coretta and nigga, you sleep with the Devil
I couldn't be Jr. forever, I don't mean to ruffle your feathers
But I had to spread my wings, ain't trying to get lemon peppered
Got too many pistols, too many issues, too many mistakes, too many miscues
Only made me better, it turned me into the man I am today, I'm new and I'm improved
I got my shit right, it's just you and a tissue, suit yourself because this suit is a rental
Now the snow is just comin' in like I broke a window to an igloo
Slow a bitch down like un momento, I'd rather get screwed than scrutinized
I'd rather get used by a cutie pie; if she ain't fuckin', it's uber time
I rather be advised than supervised, you do the math, we do the numbers
We pour champagne and expensive wine in water guns and shoot each other, uh
I get high, meditate like a monk, preposterous when I get drunk
And my goons is wilder than Gronk, my do's is as bad as my don'ts
Met a kinda-cute bitch with a donk as long as the bitch got a donk
And I smell like pussy, money and weed, she said "Ooh, I like your cologne"
The last niggas tested us flunk so please study hard, study long
Kill your wife then take the bitch phone and text you to please hurry home
And the rain drops turn into blood, look like you just come in from a storm
And if all pussies come with walls, I hope you run into your own
Nigga I come with that heroin flow, I come with that never before
My CMB days are dead, I ain't worried 'bout ghost, I married the MOB, we divorced
Woo! And all that shit dead with out me of course it's nothin', a zombie, a corpse
You burnt yourself and was suppose to pass me the torch; fuck it, I'll see you in Forbes nigga
... I'm sorry for the fuckin' wait
Was busy, searchin' my calender for better days
I found 'em - you either turn the page or tear the page
Y. M., Young Money, never age

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Bitch you jealous, woo!
And I was right, yeah
Tell a fuck nigga "Bitch, you jealous"
Stuntin' on these, stunt, stunt, shit niggas don't like
Yeah, hehe, bitch, you jealous
I'm sorry for the wait, apologetic
Hey, uh, bitch, you jealous
Now give us our cash and our credit
Hey, pop, wait{"DDS"}

[Lil Wayne]
Okay, I'ma throw a tantrum on this beat now who wanna play fetch?
When it comes to the drugs boy, we shop at Payless
Shawty came too many times, left the whole bed wet
Mack the thinker, I'm the Blood - Method Man, Redman
A scared man a dead man, can I get an amen?
You done bought all of them guns and ain't nobody dead yet
Catch your pussy ass in traffic, aim at the head rest
Got your bitch on her knees lookin' like she legless
Like I can't trust my iPhone, I can't trust the clique I ride for
If I see 'em in the streets, I'ma have to treat 'em like a rival
I'm a pleasure to your eyeballs, I'm so fly, I shop at Skymall
Mama never bought me knockoffs, Lord I need some wood to knock on
Lil Tunechi, I'm a movie, get your gummy bears and popcorn
I got somethin' very hot on my hip, I get my hip-hop on
And this little red dot gon' help me hit a nigga spot on
Point guard with the bullets, you say Ray-jon, I say Rajon
Yeah, hold up, we them boys, we them wild boys
I hold a pistol sideways when I shoot, that's for style points
Menace to society, menace to myself though
Bend but don't break, my niggas call me Elbow
And you don't want no problem, I'm a problem
My AK just keep shootin', it's on autopilot
"Tunechi, what's your fuckin' problem?" I got fuckin' problems
Bad bitch on top of me, she started from the bottom
On that Cognac and that loud pack, that loud pack
You gotta shoot the rat when it get too big for the mousetrap
Shoot at me and I'ma smile back and then I pow back
Flip you over like a kayak, bitch it's combat
Bitch I'm Tommy Gun Tunechi, favorite color ruby
Made enough to quit but I keep makin' up excuses
Triple A dick, that's amazin' and amusin'
I'm sedated and secluded, I'm the greatest and improvin'
But my baby mama say I'm livin' wrong
Well if I die then I guess she dead right
Catch me walkin' on this mothafuckin' water, nigga
I catch your pussy ass at a red light
And you gon' hear that blocka, that blocka
I represent my killers like Johnnie Cochran
We kidnap mamas and toddlers
We don't give a fuck if their ass adopted
Brief moment of silence for Chris Wallace
Soulja Slim, Pac, Pimp C, I hope they smilin'
And Weezy still hot as, tamales
My private plane got that Wi-Fi and that wireless
I'm so sorry for the wait

[Mack Maine]
Spread your legs girl, I'm tryna break the headboard
I'm a fiend for the bread, I want the whole DeJ Loaf
My Chinese chick just want a blunt and some yaka mein
She a squirter so we don't fuck on my Versace sheets
My whole crew'll skate on you like a hockey team
It's like Wayne Gretzky meets Jeremy Shockey
We Young Money Mafia, I rep what I rep
Try to throw salt on my name and I'll put pep in your step
Put your gloves on, nigga please get you a grip
And I bet you rest in peace when I let this bitch rip
The money runnin' like water, check the cash flow
My weed funky like armpits and assholes
Potato on the nine, when we creep, we mash slow
And make sure them kids get everything they ask for
My bitch in London said she's a Mack Mainiac
And her sister love Tune, she a Wayniac
It's like she's two different persons, she be chillin', she be cursin'
Cry a river, squirt a ocean, fuck fast in +Slow Motion+
Man I know Soulja proud of me (ya heard me?)
Man I know Soulja Slim proud of me (ya heard me?)
"Tha Carter V" a classic, sorry that it's late
And I ain't apologetic but +Sorry 4 The Wait+
"Tha Carter V" a classic, sorry that it's late
And I usually ain't apologetic but - +Sorry 4 The Wait+
Gone[Lil Wayne]
Two {"Nova"}

... A for Angelina
Tongue like anaconda, lips like Angelina
Ooh, B is for Bianca, she was a ballerina
Now she just a stripper makin' singles to my singles
Ooh, C is for Chiquita, put banana on Chiquita
Introduced me to Diana, fucked Diana with Chiquita
So D is for Diana, Diana like it deeper
So I get in her stomach like Mylanta at my leisure

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And these are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
Yeah, these are my bitches, my alphabet, bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
Oh, these are my bitches, my alphabet.. bitches
I swear to drunk I'm not God, yeah
Drops microphone, ooh
But I swear to drunk I'm not God, no

[Lil Wayne]
And the E is for Ebony, that pussy heavenly
Lord knows I be swimmin' in that thing like an aquarium
The F is for Felicia, freaky ass Felicia
Ooh, I treat that pussy like a sleepin' bag Felicia
The G is for Gina
Her pussy so convenient, I mean it
Ooh, she treat my dick like jalapeno
And my cum like Aquafina, she need it
The H for Holly, just like Hollygrove
And the I is for Ivanka, don't let Donald know
And the J is for Joanne, I just call her Jo
What goes around comes around, K for Karma so

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
These are my alphabet bitches, alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet.. bitches
I swear to drunk I'm not God, ay
Drops microphone
But I swear to drunk I'm not God, ay

[Lil Wayne]
The L is for Lisa, she like my libido
We do the La Bamba, I'm so multilingual
The M is for Melanie, she like my melodies
Don't like my baby mamas, she be so negative
The N is for Natasha, that my lil mama
She holla at me when she want that Oscar Mayer
She got a man, she tell me please do not remind her
He not romantic, I'm a scene from "Casablanca"
Ooh, she swallow the whole enchilada
Ooh, she get off her knees and say "De nada"
Ooh, she ask me "What's the reason for the chopper?"
Girl it's a jungle out there, ask Mufasa
O, is for Olivia
And the P, is for Patricia
And the Q, is for the Queen
The R is for Raven and the S for Sharlene

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And, these are my bitches
My alphabet bitches, bitches, bitches
And these are my bitches
My alphabet bitches, bitches, bitches..
I swear to drunk I'm not God, no
Drops microphone
But I swear to drunk I'm not God, mm

[Lil Wayne]
The T for Tatiana, she can put her legs behind her
She can bend all the way over, I just thank the Lord for that yoga
And the U is for Uma, the position assumer
She so flexible, we try-angles/Triangles like Bermuda
And the V is for Vanessa, voluptuous Vanessa
The W's for Wintour/winter, I'm under the weather
And the X is for my exes, fuck 'em altogether
The Y is for Yolanda, the Z is for Zelda
And these... are my alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet bitches
These are my bitches, my alphabet, bitches..
I swear to drunk I'm not God, yeah
Drops microphone
I swear to God I'm not God, ohh yeah

Drops microphone
I'd rather park and not drive, yeah
Drops styrofoam
I can't talk I might cry, yeah
I say "I be on some G shit, I be on some G shit
Check that other nigga for that Louis shoppin' spree shit
Not me bitch, no
You won't rob me, bitch, no"
I said "I be on some G shit, I be on some B shit
When it comes to bitches, I be on some A-to-Z shit
I'm me, bitch
Shit like A-B-C, 1-2-3 bitch, to me, bitch
I'm the alpha
The alpha D-O-G, bitch
S-R-Y for the W-A-I-T, bitch", heheh...{"London on da Track, bitch!"}

[Lil Wayne]
We catch a body and we laugh about it
I fucked her friend, I don't feel bad about it
Grindin', is agonizin' but it's gratifyin'
Skinny tires on a salad diet
Ooh, I lost my mind, I'm like "Fuck everybody"
Yeah, I lost my mind but I got extra copies
Yeah, I fuck so long, it feel like exercisin'
Uh, I test the lyin' before testifyin'
All I got is hitters in my squad
I could get you killed, all my niggas want the job
I could get you killed, it just take a head nod
I want you dead by tonight, that's a real deadline
Zero fucks given
I make her come to the condo butt naked cause bitch ain't no stealin'
She still come visit, she don't wanna leave
She compared it to me, leavin' a witness, I said I get it
I keep some cocaine on me for the bitches
And this AK is not for decoration
Fuckboys give me the heebee-jeebees
I got a hit list like the yellow pages
Hey, if she can suck a dick or snort a Quaalude
Then ooh baby, you got my full attention
Champagne expensive, it taste gooder vintage
Open your nose, I put some sugar in it
I, don't fuck around with them fuckarounds
Uh, I might fuck around and catch a body
Yeah, I got some niggas that'll hunt you down
Yeah, and catch you slippin' like you playin' hockey
Woo, we catch a body and we laugh about it
Uh, I fuck her friend, I don't feel bad about it
Uh, money and drugs, I'm talkin' math and science
Ooh, skinny tires on a salad diet
Uh, chopper leave you with a half a body
Make sure he dead before we leave, my nigga grab his wallet
Ooh, I got the hook up on them rocket launchers
I told Obama "Fuck with me, you know I got it"
Slime, you need to fuck with me you know I got it
I know somebody that know somebody
Look, traffic dyin', we still trap or dyin'
It's agonizin' but it's gratifyin'
... Squad
I could get you killed, all my niggas want the job
I could get you killed, it just take a head nod
Want you dead by tonight, that's a real deadline
Hol' up - you ain't got no hitters in your squad
I could get you killed, that's my real day job
I'm a crime of passion, I'm a fuckin' hate crime
Spit like I ate bombs - Eminem on "8 Mile"
I'm the motherfuckin' man, Scarface, Facemob
Pockets lookin' like the Blob, chips like Cape Cod
Bust your motherfuckin' egg 'til I see egg nog
My bougie bitch ratchet, my ratchet bitch a straight snob
Hold up, who know how to read gang signs?
Cause we gon throw 'em up and we gon give 'em hang time
I got white, I got brown; sell it at the same time
That's that James Brown and that's that James Bond, ooh
We catch a body and we laugh about it
It's catastrophic but we glamorize it
It's agonizin' but it's gratifyin'
Skinny tires on a salad diet
Ooh, chopper leave you with a half a body
No hesitation, no stall like the bathroom crowded
Chopper so big, so tall, it could wrap around me
Triple A, astronomic and atomic

Tunechi, and it's that "Sorry 4 The Wait"
And I'm so sorry for the wait, yeah[Chorus: Shanell]
I'm a thick motherfucker, I sit this on his lap
With my hand on his shooter, I lay them niggas back
Got somethin' for them niggas that react
I'm a bad motherfucker, I got this nigga's back

[Lil Wayne]
Whoa, she said "I know you ain't had yourself a good thick bitch in a minute
I saw some pictures of you boo'd up, it looks like you're startin' to like 'em skinny"
Hahah, I said "Girl, you're a trip", she said "I might be a trip but I ain't trippin'"
She said "Watch these hoes cause they leeches like robbin'", I said "No Robin Givens"
She was sittin' on my lap and you know a nigga strapped, I know she feel it
It's crazy out'chea, I'm just protectin' myself, you know I'm winnin'
She said "I get it and if anythin' was to happen to you I be livid"
You ain't gotta be worried 'bout that, I kill a pussy nigga, put his head on exhibit
Come up missin' think they caught a big fish 'til his body come up drippin'
I treat her legs like like a grand openin', smilin' while I cut the ribbon
I took a pill, she took a pill, we was chillin' twenty minutes now we feel it
She said "I know you probably hear this shit a lot but you the shit in my opinion"
I said it never gets old, thought I'd never say never but I did it
She said "Who you kiddin', boy? You like a thick bitch, big booty, big titties"
... I admit it!
Big booty, big titties, I admit it!

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I like my girls BBW
The type that wanna suck you dry then eat some lunch with you
She 'bout that foolishness, 'bout that trouble too
Yeah, booty on bubble, titties so fuckable
Ooh, hahaha, yeah

[Shanell]
Ooh, heyy
Okay, I know you ain't had yourself a good thick bitch in a minute
Saw a flick of ya boo'd up, boy you never liked them skinny
You tell me I'm a trip, well I might be a trip but I ain't trippin'
I'm just sayin' ohhh-ahh
Boy this here will keep you warm at night
Feed you good before you catch a flight
Stop actin' like you ain't got no type
Who you kiddin'?

[Lil Wayne]
I admit it... yeah, I admit it
But I got these guns on me right now, I got these drugs on me right now
I got the feds on me right now, I got two buyers who want it right now
She took her clothes off and I stopped, looked at my watch like "Fuck it, why not?"
Guess I could fuck her once then I'm out, fucked so many times a nigga lost count, Lord
Woo, she said "I know you thought that you was about to get a quick fix, hit and quit it
But you know you ain't been with a good thick bitch in a minute"
I said "You ain't never lyin', thought I'd never say never but I did it"
She said "Speakin' of a line, are you finished? All we need is a witness"
Girl you trippin', young nigga still livin'
She said "Who you kiddin' boy, you like a thick bitch, big booty, big titties"

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Big booty, big titties
I admit it, I like a thick bitch - big booty, big titties
I admit it, woo!
I admit it, thick bitch, big booty, big titties

[Lil Wayne]
I like my girls BBW
The type that wanna suck you dry then eat some lunch with you
She 'bout that foolishness, 'bout that trouble too
Yeah, booty so huggable, titties so fuckable
I mean that[Lil Wayne]
Turn the music down in my headphones, yeah
That noise in the background, that's my skateboard
That nigga Mack crazy, yeah, mm

I put my shooters on they feet
I just give 'em yo address then I go to sleep
The money turned my niggas into monsters
The white done turned my niggas into Nazis, Lord
The money turned my face into a stockin'
Don't make me turn yo baby to a hostage, boy
Don't make me turn the kid to a foster
My woman turned my dick into a Mazda, Lord
Body parts in a duffel
The bullets turn your body to a puzzle
The money turned my bitch into a monster
She know how to get a check and turn a zero to a comma, Lord
The money turn my niggas into killas
The sugar turned the cocaine to Vanilla
The money turned the bitches into hoes
The money turned my niggas into foes, Lord
I put my shooters on they feet
Give 'em yo address then I go out to eat
Had that snowman +N Da Hood+ like Jody Breeze
She from the hood but look like she from overseas
I say, "Girl you know I love you and I care for ya
I got some new shoes and a bag of hair for ya"
She say, "Fuck these other niggas, they ain't half of ya
Just keep laughin' to the bank, it's hilarious"
I got a stay at home gun and a travel gun
Boy, we can sell white, in Africa
It's like, I can't explain, y'all asked me to spit
Now I'm droolin' on my chain, what happened to Wayne?
I'm like "Hold up wait a second, y'all thought I was second?"
Hating on a champ throwin' salt and not confetti
We pull up and we shoot then we park the car and edit
Watch me pull up with no roof that's cause I walk the dog and pet it
I'm like "Hold up wait a minute, y'all thought I was finished?"
Shoot you in your head then just walk off like I didn't
Let my money talk so much put my jawbone outta business
Doin' numbers in this bitch, I'm like a smart phone with the digits, bitch!
Ridin' round with the volume down with the windows up and the choppers down
Soon as we get to yo block, it's the motherfuckin' other way around
My bitch say I'm too wild, she don't even know why she stay around
I get home and I dick her down now she talkin' 'bout exchange the vows
If these bullets was paintballs, I could fuck around and I could paint a house
You could tell I pimpin' the way I hit the blunt with my pinky out
I bring +Wine+ to +Amy House+ we smoke it out and we drank it out
And talk about these pussy niggas that ain't about what Wayne about
I'm hangin' out a Mulsanne without a brain, it's outta his mind
I pull over, I push a button, it change like Optimus Prime
Speakin' of change, it's a shame how these lames droppin' them dimes
We aim at your grape, knock it off, now you just Vines
Blood Gang red rain on these niggas hot if you dry
My gang top of the line hollerin' out "Squad, take it outside!"
I'm a tax payer, I'm a Axe player, gettin' in through the back way-er
Red devil to the blue collared, unenveloped black mail
Fed up with the Fed shit and Fed-Ex lost my package
My white girls say "Yeah nigga", my white homies act blackish
Ain't tall enough for the NBA, I ain't big enough for the NFL
Should've been in NWA, fuck the police, 5-0 and 12
One time for yo' mind bitch, never say never mind bitch
You a penny short of a dime bitch, no nonsense, had a nine since I was nine bitch
Yeah, born to murder
Bank account on fat bustin' out the girdle
Tell 'em boys ain't nothin' sweet, it's sauerkraut, ya heard me?
They find ya body in New Orleans for Mardi Gras on Bourbon
Like oh Lord, Humphrey Bogart
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a crowbar
For the most part, I'm the southern coast guard
AK-47 spittin' flame like a blow torch
"Sorry 4 The Wait".. woo![Chorus: Charlie Puth]
I'm facin' the bottle, for all of my problems
These Instagram models, are nothing but trouble
She's goin' away now, I'm goin' full throttle
All these Instagram models, I said they're nothing but trouble

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, when I met her, she was out for love
Yeah, I bought her leather and some diamond studs
Damn, when I met her, she was molly'd up
Fuck it, I said "Whatever" cause I'm not a judge 
No, all my niggas say "She's not what's up"
Ay, I considered it but not enough
Uh, she just wanted to be popular
Uh, she just wanted ten thousand followers
Lord, she postin', she postin', she postin'
They like it, they like it, repost it, she party promotin', she hostin'
She posin', legs open, provokin', it got my head smokin'
I tried to act like I don't notice, emotions, emotions, emotions, Lord

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Now it's over
You drive me crazy, like crazy

[Lil Wayne]
I had to leave that hoe alone and get my mind right
I had to go talk to my friends, I had to find Christ
Lord I had to, open up my eyes and find light
I was so green and all she wanted was that limelight
Lord I, was so blinded by her highlights
She had me not checkin' my DM's neither my likes
Oh what, you modelin' ma? Knock yourself out
Open my heart to you when you lock yourself out girl
When I met her, she was posse'd up
Yeah, in the section holdin' bottles up
Ohh, she just wanted to be popular
Ohh, she just wanted ten thousand followers, Lord

[Charlie Puth]
I, should've known from the very start
That you, weren't after my foolish heart
Nooooo, you liar, liar, liar girl
You, got the world thinkin' you're a star
But ohh, you're not who you say you are
Nooooo, I'm dyin', dyin', dyin' girl

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
I'm sippin' and lighted and dippin' in line but I'm copin'
I'm too open
Glad I left her, but I don't know her Lord
Now it's over, you drive me crazyOkay I saw you at the bus stop
You had on a halter top
And your mini skirt
And your Dooney and your Bourke
So I turn around and scooped you
Hit you with that toot toot
Like do you need a ride
Like do you need a ride

Because I know where you're from
You're from where I'm from
And I'm with you girl
I know you girl
I like you girl
I want you and I'm from where you're from
And I'm cool with your mom
And I like you girl
I want you girl
I'm with you girl
I'm for you girl

[Chorus]
You're my around the way girl, oh
You're my around the way girl, oh oh
You're my around the way girl, oh
You're my around the way girl, oh oh

I saw you at the Benz lot
In that new Benz drop
Lookin' at that Benz drop
So I brought you that Benz drop
And now you in that new coupe
Hit me with that toot toot
Like girl I need a ride
Like girl I need a ride

Because you know where I'm from
I'm from where you're from
And I'm with ya girl
I know you girl
I like you
I want you and you're from where I'm from
And your cool with my mom
And I know you
I like you
I'm with you
I'm for you girl

[Chorus]
You're my around the way girl, oh
You're my around the way girl, oh oh
You're my around the way girl, oh
You're my around the way girl, oh oh[Lil' Wayne]
Killer!
Huh?
Callin' Lil' Wayne (Wayne) a...
...killer!
What? What?
Killer!
What? What?
Check!

Hold up, you now under the deep cover of the lil' slugger
Callin' me head busta
Run with me K - blucka
Niggas done fled from-a...
...me infrared, sucka
If him wan' play, busta,...
...come make me dead, busta
Bein'-a half-way out my nappy head
But I don't care - I just grab my clip, slap and spray
Anywhere - it don't matter where a nigga stay
Just believe me when I say, "Guerrilla warfare"
I swear, it be some more drama about these bags
Niggas in black drive Jags - camouflage rags
Niggas' domes get bust wide open with blood and sweat
Niggas ridin' off in Hummers - laughin', drinkin' Moette
You know me: Colleon, standin' four feet
I'm to-tin' cannons, wearin' Rolies
See, these lil' boys, they ain't really up on my game
But once I run into that nigga playin' with Wayne, man
See, when I spin-a you bend then I be on you block
But when me jump out with the chop-chop, my nogga, you drop
Now where your niggas at, comradie? They not with you now
I guess they heard that when I'm ridin' I make the crew stop
Now, is you 'bout what I'm 'bout?
If you 'bout what I'm 'bout, you 'bout drama
Thuggin' in broad day with four glocks, a knife, and a chopper
I'm runnin' away, don't get in my way
My nigga!
Callin' me head busta!
Callin' callin' me killer!

(Hook [Lil' Wayne])
Them callin' me killer
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga
My niggy, when I'm out late call me what you want
Full of blunts
Look out your window, see who in the front
Me!

Them callin' me killer
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga
My niggy, when I'm out late call me what you want
Full of blunts
Look out your window, see who in the front

[Lil' Wayne]
Check!
Now as the heat flame up
Them lookin'-a down the street, them think they see Wayne truck
Him whole block don't scare me 'cause me get me thing and bust
Them know that Hot Boys known to be dangerous
Now U.P.T. come down - chopper city in the ghetto, my man
Now who that be in the car with the chopper? Oh, it's Lil' Wayne
I get my K - cock, aim, and put holes in your brain
Give me that rag, you ain't no soldier - wipe the blood off my chain
Gettin' blisty...
...off in a black F-150
'Bout to do the old usual - hit your block, just spittin'
Heads spinnin' like a set of seventeens or somethin'
Respect me for who I be: seventeen, head-bustin'
Because-

(-Hook [Lil' Wayne])

[Lil' Wayne]
Check!
Original Hot Boy - land-cruisin' with guns
I shall be the one who burn the block up
Never miss when I distribute anger up out my Cali'
Hundred shots automatic
Leave ya hopeless in the alley
Now, when a nigga runs up
If the nigga loveless (like me) would have his guns up
Just because of the simple fact that I'm a Hot Boy,...
...and got boys that got toys to stop noise
See, when me ride off in the Hummer, leave him set empty
Now him catch three 'cause him want beef
Now, me tried to tell the stupid boy, "Don't mess-a with me."
Now look at him - open up his casket and see
Click-clack my mack, twist my Philly cap to the back
Jump in the black and scream "war", and just "pow! pow!"
How you love me now?  With five barrels to your eye
The scene gets wild, and everybody gon' die
What the dillio? Fill a four-four clip
You'll get flipped for runnin' off at the lip
Who behind the gun slang,...
...blood hang,...
...and twistin'?
It's Mis-ter Wayne
Come splittin' when I spit

(Hook- [Lil' Wayne])

[Lil' Wayne]
-Me!
See, them callin' me killer
Huh?
Because them callin' me killer
What?
Them niggas callin' me killer
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga
What?
Callin' me killer
(Killer)
Callin' me killer
(Killer)
Them callin' me killer (Killer!)
Them callin' me head busta, Cash Money nigga (Killer!)
Killer!
What?Album:  Baller Blockin' soundtrack
Song:   I Don't Know
Typed By: ice_man504@yahoo.com

[Unplugged] (Lil' Wayne)
Ohhhhhhhh, yeaahhh (CMB don't twistle it don't tangle it)
She looks like any other girl that I seen from place to place
But I know she not like any other girl 
cuz I couldn't take my eyes off her
She had a cowboy hat (what else), a sun-greased tan
(what else), pants with the ass just right
Now I can tell that me and her are gonna make a baby,
baby tonight

[Unplugged] (Chorus)
I don't know why she's affectin me
Or why this situation's stressing me
I don't know why nobody's callin me
It makes me wanna give her all of me
And now she's asking what I want it, how I want it,
where I want it, and when I want it
And what I want
Somebody tell me what's going on, going on

[Unplugged] 
Now it's time to make my approach
Cuz its all most 2'o clock  (bling, bling)
But I gotta do it now cuz I'ma get mine when I hit the parking lot 
She said I know your name, I know what chu do not
impressed my the things you got (yeah right)
But I ain't gonna lie, yeah I wanna ride
So baby lick the spot

[Unplugged] (Chorus)
I don't know why she's affectin me
Or why this situation's stressing me
I don't know why nobody's callin me
It makes me wanna give her all of me
And now she's asking what I want it, how I want it,
where I want it, and when I want it
And what I want
Somebody tell me what's going on, going on

[Unplugged]
She looks like any other girl
But not like any other girl
I can tell by when she looked at me
She wanted me, and it's not the green
Now I wanna make her mine (what)
I gonna waste no time (what)
I wanna know if you want me like I want you 
(listen Weezy come on now)

[Lil' Wayne]
Now as walk up in the club
It's real dark up in the club
But AND WHAT my diamonds still spark up in the club
I see a bid night in the corner
By midnight I'm a goner 
So what your name is Sonya
(Spitting noise) bet I bone her
I'm going to get rid of this last bag of marijuana
So won't cha come outside with me
How bout chu take this ride with me
It's gravy so we hop in the no top, four dot 
She fasten it like "ooh this car is so hot" she got
And we stopped over at the Ramada 
And I got her to come out on that powder
And right jump on just swallow
And swallow and drain damn she wild
Make her trip out Lil' Wayne
Damn she loud, now
It's all over cuz I'm finished with mine
I'ma tell her call tomorrow but then I be lying 
But that's all in different baby
And pimpin is me, hot boy Weezy-Wee what

[Unplugged] (Chorus) 2x
I don't know why she's affectin me
Or why this situation's stressing me
I don't know why nobody's callin me
It makes me wanna give her all of me
And now she asking what I want it, how I want it,
where I want it, and when I want it
And what I want
Somebody tell me what's going on, going on

[Lil' Wayne (*Talking*)]
Look, Unplugged, Lil' Weezy
CMB doin it one more time
You know from Philly to the N.O
Don't twistle it and tangle it
They don't understand, it's like the hottest of the hot
Don't get in the way, for real... yeah
(*Inhaling sound*) Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla, Hustla (I CAN'T FEEL MY FACE!!!)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (ya)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (you know I gotta stay)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (I'ma)
Hustla, Hustla, Hustla on on on on (I stay)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (You know I gotta stay)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (Ya you know that I'ma)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (alright)

[Verse One : Lil Wayne]
I'm on my grind, fuck bitches money on my mind
Hoe get in line, respect me like a stop sign
I'm in my prime, the brights you see it's my time
But fuck my wrists I need that money in my palm
Sellin palm trees, in beaches in shorts sleeves
Fly your beach down here bet ya she won't leave
Exspensive car keys and glasses, t-shirts, pants's
I keep money on me like dancers, Si
Everybody got problems, and money is the answer
The teacher ain't pickin everybody with they hands up
What are we to do but get paid, get ya grass up
Number one fan of the money, join the fan club
These boys don't know paper like I know paper,
Nigga I'm still on 2004 paper, I'm tryin to get some more paper
I ain't tryin to die with no paper, that's why a nigga stay....

[Chorus] + (Juelz Santana)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (Ok)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (Ok)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (It's too easy man)
Hustla, Hustla, Hustla on on on on (I CAN'T FEEL MY FACE)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (You know i)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (You know i)
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla (That im'a, ya, ya , ya , ya)

[Verse Two : Juelz Santana]
First Class LV's on the luggage V-8's in the car this the life how you want it
I do it big easy does it hows I does it when I does it pretty chicks every night and we fuckin
I get paper get cash get ass later, it's money first ass later skip past haters
The brown paper bag taker, straight to the dealer, just give me paper tags i'll take her
Then, I leave out with the sun roof cracked blowin weed out, two fingers up, yup peace out
I sense money like bees sense honey like k-9 dogs sense drugs I sense it all
I got alot but I'm sensing more, and if you fuckin with my money then I'm sensing war
I smell a war send it on I'm a G too, bonafide known to ride see you when I see you
AYE!!

On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla 
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla 
Hustla, Hustla, Hustla on on on on 
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla 
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla 
On On On My grizzy I'm a bonafide hustla 
Hustla Hustla Hustla Hustla[Inroduction]
Yeah, C-3, baby, young Weezy, young Currency
Ya understand me, that's how we doin it
 
[Chorus]
Di-diamonds and girls (uh oh) di-diamonds and girls (uh oh)
Di-diamonds and girls (uh oh) di-diamonds and diamonds (yeah)
Diamonds and girls (yeah) and girls (yeah) and girls di-diamonds and
 
[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
GET EM, UH
Like five, six chains on
Slick Rick, no patch, just frames on
Marc Jacobs Aviators and a v-neck
Ten bitches, ten pistols on a P-jet
In a drop top Madina, with the top up
I'm in that bitch gettin neck, like a shore port
100,000 for the grill if I lie, I die
Flow sick so sick see the syanide
And here's my most funniest joke, i'm broke (hahaha)
Dont worry 'bout me, the money got me
And I keep the burner on me like an id
The Lamborghini orange like vitamin c
And leave a bitch stuck like a kite in a tree
Weezy F. B, the money is the matter
I'm workin like a bad bladder, M.O.B
 
[Chorus]
 
[Verse 2: Currency]
Yeah
Hailin from the bottom of the map
But standin at the top of the game
Kush got a nigga lookin like I could really use a nap
But I'm still out wildin with the gang
Got diamonds in my chain mo colors than a order light
Life is a traffic jam but I'm on the motor bike
Jig-jaggin past these bastards, laughin at em
I got em suicidal like the doors on a Phantom, yeah
Hot spitta nigga who you thought it was
Bitches wanna hold me in the mornin like a coffie mug
I dont try to lock em down cause i'am not an officer
I just knock em down in groups ten
As if I'm in the lane aint meant for bowlin pins
Then the style switch so quick, havin you thinkin that the disk skip
Pimpin serious, Make em bring it back like past interference
Yeah
 
[Chorus] 2X
 
[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
G'yeah
Speed boat, Wife beater
Ballin like Derek Jeater for every reason
That testeroaster can get ghost like it ever seen ya
The same color as sesamia diarrhea
The pioneer, i'am here
Right here, The watch nasty like gonnarhea
Money long like Nia, I appear via satelite
Who ever dont the premier he a hermaphrodite
? up in my ear, get it clear
Pretty women want this nigga right here, like Richard Gere
I switch the gear then steer and disappear
And if I ever jump off a peer I would probably fly
 
[Chorus] 4XIntro:
Ohh, this feel good, alright, yay
Carter tray, on it, let's play, haha

(Chorus)
Okay
I know two girls that done did it before
But I wonder if they know that we did it before
If the other girl know that we did it before
shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
shit I wonder if she know well if she didn't hell know
That we did it before yeah we did it before
Shit I wonder if they know that we did it before

Verse 1:
Okay, put your hands up if you did it before
Now your girl lookin' at you cause she didnt hell know
And now everybody sayin' that you did it before
And you know that's because that they did it before
'Cause if they did it before it would be different though
I wonder if Tammy knows, that I did it before
With Nisa, I wonder if if she didn't hell know
That we did it before I know they did it before
The day we did it for oh, if they did it before
And we didn't before, we can get it fa 'sho
'Cause if she with it, I know she should be with it fa 'sho
I'm a tear that pussy up, like I did it before
And after I did it they baby sister be know
When I see her i'm a act like I didn't hell know
That we did it before like didn't before
But we did it before, hehe

(Chorus)

Verse 2:
Yeah, so if you did it before be a pro
You gotta act like you did it before
And everytime I meet a girl
they say that she did it before
You know I gotta act like I never did it before
But she be deep cover if she didn't hell know
Cause I did it before and she will be dumb
if she think that I didn't, hell know
That she did it before, she probablly didn't go low
So we did it some more and we did it some more
Like Busta Rhymes said, she holla give me some more
So we did it some more, yeah, we did it til' four
And when four-o-one came, she was hittin the door
Not fixin' to go but she was hittin' the door
And I was probablly butt naked just twistin' an o
Then I call my homies up, kick the shit how did it go
And I know they gon' laugh 'cause they did it before

(Chorus)

Verse 3:
Okay, alot of folks don't like to say they did it before
Wishin' that everybody didn't hell know
That they did it before, like they didnt below
Or if they did it with more, yeah, if they did it for dough
Well if you didn't, then so, be cool with it and flow
And just rock with everybody, that done did it before
I know I did it before, you know you did it before
How come you ain't with it now, but you was with it before
oh, that's your best friend, yeah, ya'll kick it I know
ya'll probablly did it before, she probablly licked it before
Like it was liquid before, yeah, I can vision you both
Like I done did it before 'cause I done did it before

(Chorus){*lighter strikes*}

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Young Money motherfuckers, uh-huh
Thats right, I thought you knew, hahaha
I'm a beast, east side
I can let a beat come

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Straight from the bottom its the Carter
I give it to these bitch niggas like momma taught me
One man with no weapon at war but I'm an army
My flow is capturing attention, leutenant your penny pention
And they demolished that invention
You better get your dollars up
And guess what I was up
I get my cheese like Mickey Mouse
Or else you better Donald Duck
Like a shootin range target I get all kind of bucks
Be my shootin range target, nigga I got good luck
Nigga bye bye good luck, got ya momma shook up
Little bad ass nigga who thought Popeye wasnt tough
I'm on that lala twist it up, I'm on that syrup slow it down
And I like four freaks too and young choppers goin down
About a marijuana field and I just smoke it down
Big bad wolf yes, I just blow it down, no homo
And to Holly Grove I will hold it down
Like a circle of knives, I got the sharpest flow around
Feel me

[Chorus]
I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, I know
I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me
Because I came to fuck the world
I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, (Fuck the world) 
I know, I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me
(Bitch I'm Mack Maine) Because I came to fuck the world

[Verse 2: Mack Maine]
I got the heart of a king blood of a slave
Feel like I been here before
my second time to the grave
But its one life to live thats why I'm gettin paid
off a flow thats priceless I just got it appraised
Spit like I need a raise blaze as I gaze
At the stars next to lord while the coppers at the porpit
It make me sick to stomach thats why I rap
Like a pregnant women I dont spit I vomit
So pay homage me and Wayne two G's
Like 20 Hundred and we keep the semi's blunted
And we live like brothers from another
So fuck with him and Mack gon react like you did me somethin
Thats a hint to you Davids throwin shots to Giliath
This the new testament where the victor is the giant
So you should get your weight and lose the hate
Remember males shouldn't be jealous thats a female trait
Feel me

[Chorus]
I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, I know
I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me
Because I came to fuck the world
I know, I-I-I know, I-I know, I-I-I know, (Fuck the world) 
I know, I-I-I know, I Know they can't fuck with me
Because I came to fuck the worldMic check 1, 2 on the way to third
Flow sick, put a straight jacket on my words
So sick, they think that something's in the herb
They think I'm gone, but I'm fine like a woman's curves
My personality is far from your reality, I'm closer to your girl
now come on ho don't embarrass me! There is no comparising
This right here be kerosene, carousel, parasail, I'm higher than everything.
When I spit you can't drink it like your 17
I can show a million pair of eyes that they've never seen
And I can do this in whatever the weather brings
Picasso couldn't paint a better scene, colossal
Now give me the mike and I'll rock like a fucking fossil
I'm mad at the track, and I'll beat it like Hector Cumacho

What's poppin, what it do, what's happenin, what's crackin, que pasa
The hospital, mi casa su casa

I'm bad, I'm rad, and these niggas just squares like plaid
and if they're cool, then I'm cold, I gets money all day like the toll, bitch

(chorus)
I'm raw (x8)
I got my brim low, all I can see is the floor (x2)
I'm raw (x8)
I'm bout to - I'm bout to murder this shit (x2)

I'm a BET soldier; an MTV gangster
I will be on VH1 when I'm done being famous
Explain shit... I have made my way
And you are just a stain bitch, you will fade away
And I only leave my house to paper chase
Yep, off to da jungle, where I feel safe
Like a homerun in the bottom of the 9th inning
And I'm fresh like I'm by Mennen..haa
I'm on the clock like 5 minutes
tryna get passed the line of scrimmage, yeah..
And before I leave her thighs bending
She give me face first like she done dived in it..hahaha
And if she tall I can climb in it;
I usually don't have a time limit
And eating pussy ain't a crime is it
If so, I should start working on my jail visits
You know...
I'm in the game they just sell tickets
Man I got old bread like stale biscuits
You feeling froggy all you gotta do is yell ribbit
Turn ya ass to a statue like an exhibit
Now lets get it , let me at 'em
Leave my cage open
With no pyro I leave the stage smoking
Yes...it's Weezy F. bitch
the best thing since breath bitch
suffocate

(chorus)
I'm raw (x8)
I got my brim low all I can see is the floor (x2)
I'm raw (x8)
I'm bout to, I'm bout to murder this shit (x2)

It go uptown - uptown operation shut down
Wake up to polices, go to sleep to the gun sounds
And your not a gorilla, your a dead monkey
Cuz I got a banana clip in these Red Monkeys
What you said don't be, afraid to say it twice
And they say life is cheap, until you pay the price
It's just like shaking dice, but I hope you roll a winner
And if you are rat, your just a cobra's dinner
Ya'll ain't fucking with me, you niggas underachieve

Like the light part of my feet
And so what them niggas left me
When they get cold I turns into Wayne Gretsky
G to the N - I do's it like it's never been done
So you can suck my dick with an elephants tounge
Bitch!
It's weezy baby
Motherfucker I spit rabies!

chorus till endIntro:
Look, Rockwilder on the beat (shh), 1-7 in your face (1-7)
Mack Maine you my nigga (you already)
Cash Money whats up (whats up)

Verse 1: Lil Wayne
Check me out
Young Money motherfucker where the cash at (uh)
I put numbers on your head like a class hat (owwoh)
See I done been thru every thing like a lab rat (t'damn)
Can you swim cause you sleepin' where the crabs at
I stand before you bitch niggas with the fifth cocked
Damn, you can hear a pin drop (ah ha)
Bulletproof vests cannot defend tops (yeah)
Wanna walk in my shoes (yeah) you need ten socks
But these niggas is actors like Rick Fox (Rick Fox)
Stick to the scrypt or fuck around and get written out
We in this motherfucker, throwin' up the set (1-7)
G-4 boys, throw 'em off the jet (ha)

Chorus: Lil Wayne
And me and Mack is two niggas from the same hood (c'yeah)
Fell from the same tree (yep) cut from the same wool (yep)
See i'm the young lion (lion) and he the young bull (what)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo (yeah)
See me and Mack just two niggas from the same hood (same hood)
Fell from the same tree (same tree) cut from the same wool (c'yeah)
See i'm the young lion and he the young bull (what)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo




Verse 2: Mack Maine
Warnin', Mack on the dollar hunt (MACK)
I'm feelin' real slick bitch, I got my collars up (uh)
Spread the word boy, I keep the kush bottled up (uh)
.40 cal pal you can get hollowed up (buu)
If you ain't talkin' 'bout money homie, than thats cheap chatter (ahh)
I'm pissin' on the game feel like I got a weak bladder (yeah)
And ya'll fallin off, ya'll climbin' up a weak ladder (fallin down)
And im too high to try to reach ya' son (reach ya son)
I rock shows everyday with Miss. Sita son (ya know)
Then i'm uptown baby like i'm Peter Guns (uptown)
A lord Tyreak to the lord I speak
I got game, I got a veggie tryin' to eat my meat (ha yeah) naw

Chorus: Mack Maine
Me and toon is two niggas from the same hood (yeah)
Fell from the same tree (yeah) cut from the same wool (yeah)
He a young lion (yeah) and i'm a young bull (yeah)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo
See me and toon is two niggas from the same hood
Fell from the same tree (ya know) cut from the same wool (yeah)
He just young lion (huh) and i'm a young bull (bull)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo

Verse 3: Lil Wayne & Mack Maine
Now bring it back to Holly Grove, yeah Holly Grove (Holly Grove)
Around park had work by the slidin' boards
(Mack Maine)

Around park, you get murked by the slidin' boards (boards)
17th ward animals and dinosaurs (yeah)
(Lil Wayne)
Tyrannosauras Rex test me
It's M.O.B til the mortician dress me
(Mack Maine)
And thats deep, you run up on evil street
Bell fast and one row be right at your front door (door)
(Lil Wayne)
Knock knock, hello, there goes several fellows
With clips to the elbows, hell rose (c'yeah)
(Mack Maine)
And tell them niggas he was hustlin' til hell froze (yeah)
Holly grove aint no motherfuckin' Melrose (bitch)
(Lil Wayne)
Hollywood ain't no motherfuckin' Holly Grove
And they can find ya' ass monday in your finer clothes (damn)
(Mack Maine)
Or they can find you part dead on Fathers Day (ooh)
Holly Grove U.S.A where Maine and Carter stay (okay)

Chorus: Lil Wayne & Mack Maine
(Mack Maine)
And me and Carter just two niggas from the same hood (c'yeah)
Fell from the same tree (c'yeah) cut from the same wool (c'yeah)
He just a young lion (yeah) and i'm a young bull (c'yeah)
Welcome to the zoo nigga, welcome to the zoo
(Lil Wayne)
And me and Maine just two niggas from the same hood (c'yeah)
Fell from the same tree (c'yeah) cut from the same wool (wool)
See i'm the young lion (young lion) and he the young bull (uhh)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zooThis motherfuckin' D'usse got me sweatin' and shit... word to God;]
Hov fuck with ya boy
C5

Okay nigga I got em'
Point em' out and I got em'
Let 'em get a lil buzz
Then we robbin' for pollen
We ain't killin' no minors
You niggas still in the minus
And your bitch, we gonna blind her
Can't pick a side off the lineup
I swear lord knows Imma murk one of these niggas
Shoot you in your earth
And get earthworms on me nigga
I been did my time
I'm getting better with time
But real niggas don't whine
We'll burn down your vineyard
I been ballin' since cornrows
Still duckin' the narcos
My little niggas, in war mode
You spark it up, we charcoal
Got a bad bitch with long hair that have bad days when the mall closed
I'm a big dog, big doghouse, make ashtrays out of dog bowls
Blessins on top of sins, restin' with topless twins
Picture me broke but forgot to take the top off the lens
In the restaurant, I'm with Slim
Wrestlin' with lobster limbs
Talkin' about some M's, it's soundin' like gospel hymns
Yes lord

We on that D'usse, me and my nigga Euro
Tina Turn up in this bitch
We got Lauryn in this bitch
Serena Pink in this bitch, better known as Pinky
Yah dig?
What's up Brandon?
Lego!

Holly Grove nigga, rest in peace, Lil Kevin
Rest in peace, Lil Beezy
Rest in peace, [?]
The world is mine, I am selfish
I am a shark fuck them shellfish
Everybody in the building
Well I left that bitch like Elvis
Nigga please
Pops treated mom like Billie Jean
Like hot sauce, I put in on everything
I'ma give that fuckin' woman everything, everything
Here we go, bitch I'm cool, Coolio
She say "Tune, do me slow"
How many fish did Hootie blow? I don't know
Fuck who knows? I got a redbone with two golds
And she snort too much of that Micheal Jackson, that bitch gon'
Need a new nose
And I got time for you hoes
Shit I only have two goals and that is "Get Money, Get Money"
Now I'm ridin' 'round the city, with the top off the Maybach
Lookin for a motherfuckin' spot we can skate at
Elvis left the building
And I take these hoes to Graceland
And I got more bounce, to the 28 grams
I ain't stuntin these niggas, eyes look chinese
Wayne-chong to these niggas, Wayne-chong bitch!
More than one bitch
This for my niggas, we shall overcome, bitch
From New Orleans, niggas dyin' over dumb shit
You know we give the pastor hell, make the nun strip
Yeah I might have them bricks, call me Brick Cannon
Nina on my lap, what you want from Santa?
I might get money, fuck bitches, kill niggas and smoke weed
I'm married to this shit and I'm a wife beater, no sleeves
Do it for my hood, that 44 ain't no good
You better bring that chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers
Yeah I do it for my hood, that 45 ain't no good
You better bring the chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers, nigga
You better bring the chopper, you better bring the chopper
You better bring the chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers, yeah
We gon' have them choppers, we gon' have them choppers
You better bring the chopper, cause we gon' have them choppers, nigga
Mula!

My nigga hood in this bitch
Still on that D'usse
Shout out my nigga Lil Twist, my lil brother
He just passed out in the club the other night off that D'usse
Threw up on the owner
Owner talkin' about he wanted his money back
He wanted half of the money back
Twist took all the money and left
That's some Young Money shit
Soo Woo to the B gang
Rest in peace [?][Jadakiss] + (Styles P) + {both}
(Hahaha - HAHA!!)
C5, D-Block, LOX (ya know?)
HA-HEEEH~!! Yeah yeah

Say the judge or the jury can't spoil this (Uh-uh)
Nah (two thirds) of the world's most loyalest - LOX
(I'ma shoot em) I'ma pay the bail I'm sure of this - hmm
(I'ma kill em, I'ma get the witness) teach 'em more of this
(We never sing not even on a song) where the chorus is (never!)
(Dig the hole, get the wood box) bring the florist in (bring 'em in!)
(Tell the pastor, tell the family) we was just warnin' them
(.38's, .45's) all type of Tauruses
(About to hit the bong) pour the holy water in
(Celebratin') for participatin' (in the slaughterin')
Eatin' steaks at the same spot they killed Paulie in - c'mon
(Frank White's three in the quarter, tapin' your daughter in)
Columbia with the connect (puttin' the order in)
(Nigga act, we gonna clap) like we the audience
(Make sure you ain't down to strap) get rid of all the prints
Do your homework {on whoever you go to war against - what?!}

[Lil Wayne]
I had 20s on my Benz, lent it to all my friends
And everything was all gravy, everything was all gravy
And if I need somethin' call Baby, I need somethin' call Baby
And the streets was callin' me but a nigga had call waitin'
And yeah we all went through our phases, we all went through our savings
Some niggas stayed on point, some niggas was point shavin'
And sometimes we had to be vegetables, that mean we had to stay patient
Cause they say you are what you eat, I took the star out of starvation, bitch
I come from a Third World, start rappin' in the fourth grade
Start trappin' in the sixth grade, went platinum in the tenth grade
Dropped out a nigga gettin' paid, this when Birdman had a fade
This when Hummers didn't come stretched, but Birdman had 'em made
This when pretty bitches set you up and niggas didn't give two fucks
You had two guns and two phones, you could waste time and get and get a new cup
But this when niggas had pimp cups and new rappers got hem'd up
And all them niggas that's bitin' got they fins cut
I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout
Y'all know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
And we gon' be around 'til yo motherfuckin' body rot
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got
And if the Feds bring us in we get the same time Gotti got

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah.. uhh
But this when niggas had pimp cups and dirty money got rinsed up
And the early birds in the wormhole would get so fat that they'd get stuck
We'd clean our fingerprints up, we'd clean the shit we didn't touch
This when niggas called Diddy Puff; lettin' Biggie bump
while I'm sittin' up in that big body, I can show you a dead body
Lotta niggas got pinched and the snitches ended up dead lobsters
Wrap the birds in red tape, call them bitches +Red Robins+
Pops had kilos, I needed one key I would've made cops
Free my niggas down and rest in peace to all my dead partners
I smoke by the pound in like a week and fuck the Weight Watchers
Got my self a brand new triple beam just to weigh options
I stumbled upon a gold mine, I thank God that it ain't copper
Some niggas were late bloomers, but boy look how they've blossomed
Don't know niggas that wear wires but I know niggas that go haywire
I know hoes that play possum and will bring us to y'all mailboxes
And dead man can't talk and the Feds don't have seances
Look, you put a knot on the end of a condom full of drugs and put it in her pussy
And get through customs cause last time we just took 'em
I rather be blind before I be the nigga that stand around just lookin'
And you can beat around the bush and find a nigga laying behind them bushes
And I know real niggas gon' fuck with this
Like that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout
Yeah, I know real niggas gon' fuck with this (real niggas gon' fuck with this)
Like that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout (that's that shit I be talkin' 'bout)

[Chorus]

[Wayne] C5!Tell me somethin' I don't know
I'm flexin' on 'em like torsos
These niggas slippin' like bar soap
These niggas listenin', use Morse code
Boy a nigga sippin' like parched throat
Excuse me
These niggas talkin' that beef shit
We'll check into it like the room cheap
And all we sell is the greatest feelin' on Earth
They paint me as a villain, I just autograph the artwork
Ain't got nothing left to prove unless I got to prove it in court
Live fast die young and leave a beautiful corpse, yes Lord
My nigga order like twenty bricks, I said five bricks with four chicks
Ridin' with these guns that's carpoolin', bought extra clips when I dove in
Miss Snow white we snowed in, nigga miss me with that hoe shit
Kill all rats, I toast to that, and watch everybody I toast with
Kill everybody you close with, Just don't stick your nose in
My bullshit cause I close it like a clothespin
The people that I rolls with will leave holes in what you drove in
If anyone in that car live, you tell that nigga I owe him
Yeah, I got my mind right, and my money right, my head on my shoulder
And my eyesight a lil' blurry but I'm stayin' on my quota
And we find out moms address and your head get mailed over
Nigga you make that bed you lay in that bed
Or get that bitch made over
Tunechi

[Chorus]
You so cray, Tunechi
You so cray, bitch
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know
They say Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi, Tunechi
You so cray, bitch

Tell me something I don't know, I'll tell you something I do know
Like money drugs bitches guns, niggas call me mucho
Got witches all in my broom closet, got little killers in Juco
We'll find out your business hours and pop up like new toast
Like danger taste like glucose, my shadow don't get too close
To that new nigga with my old hoes-kudos
For my niggas on Rikers Island back there playing Uno
Getting swole like popeye for niggas walking around like Bruno
I'm in the bed with a duo, laid up like two points
A.K to your face, knock half off like coupons
Too cool for school but I sold cool points to school boys
Tell the cops we don't name drop that's like dropping newborns
Nigga you crazy

You so cray, Tunechi
These hoes made
Nigga tell me somethin' I don't know

Like where the fuck did my heart go, and show me something I haven't seen
And give me what Martin sleep, on the same night he had a dream
And take me to where I've never been, but not to where I'll never be
And I ain't never scared but I'm scared of me, me versus me I need a referee
Need weaponry, especially if the treasury in jeopardy
Fuck deputies big letter B, need equity, need credit clean
To trafficking from peddling like everything from amphetamines to medicine
These niggas sweeter than Nectarines and Grenadine

[Chorus]

Tell me something I don't know, like what happened to hard coke
You can call me Eddy cause I stay ready, my family call me Eduardo
I'm music to these bitches ears I hit that ass like the wrong note
My bitch bad with corn rows with boots on in farm clothes
You can find me prancing in the finest mansion with the finest dancer with a height advantage
She want cocaine pills and weed, liquor and dick she gotta micro manage
I'm just eating rappers they go nice in salads with some diced up carrots
I just like a challenge, psychopathic, so psychopathic
Nigga give me credit on my balance
Lil Tunechi
(And I bump my head when I stand up)[Lil Wayne]
She don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae...
Ohh I, don't give a fuck about these niggas all in my face
Cause I'm in the club goin' up, on a weekday
I got an off day tomorrow, I'ma sleep late

I brought a bad bitch too, she got a beef cake (oww~!)
And she go each way, she need a teammate (oh oh)
I got a bad bitch at home makin' me plates
She lock the door, set the alarm and text me she safe (okay)
I got a big booty bitch with a petite waist (I love her)
I get my back scratched up, she get her knees scraped (I LOVE her)
And then she ride that dick, ooh freeway (ERRT~!)
And now them titties sittin' nice yeah, I wanna bite yeah (alright)
I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah (uhh)
That's word to my right hand, that's my mic hand (mic check)
Shorty with the nice ass needs some flight plans (heh)
I'ma fuck her right fast, fly her right back
Hold up (hold up) uh-huh.. now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin' - I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'~!
OOH~! Oh yeah.. she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love her
Like wobble, we tonguin', we fuckin', we tonguin', we fuckin' - I'm cumin'~!

[Flow]
I got a bitch named Vanessa, she like how I finesse her
I'm comfortable by her, I put my pistol on her dresser
Had a threesome with her sister, they thought I was scared to ask them
Bust a nut then hit the bathroom, grab the towel and clean my mess up
I be swaggin' on these hoes, I ain't laughin' with these hoes
I would crack your fuckin' skull before I crack a fuckin' joke
Got some OG straight from Cali and some Backwoods from the store
Got a message from Lil Tune and he sent pictures of your hoe
And we got groupies in the hallway, set that dick all on her forehead
Bet there's roaches in my ashtray, bitches buggin', get the OFF! spray
Girl I fuck with you the long way; give me blowjobs on your off day
Give me blowjobs on your off day, give me blowjobs on your off day

[Lil Wayne]
Ohh I, don't give a fuck about all of these hoes in my face (why?)
My bitch in the club going up (up) on a weekday (up)
I see the bitch you came with, I made a stink face

She said her last little boo was such a cheapskate (yeah)
I put my arm around her shoulder, told her she straight (you good)
She ate the dick like Minnie Mouse eat cheesecake (woo~!)
She don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae (yeah)
I said "Oh you got that torture" (ow!) still I take precaution
I told her I ain't none of the suckers she been involved with
I fuck her till she's exhausted, pussy tastin' like frostin'
Then she get on her knees like she b-b-beggin' my pardon
That's word to my right hand, that's my dice hand
Pop that pussy like a price tag 'til I white flag - alright

[Flow]
I like smokin' with my bitches so I pass the blunt to Brittany
Bitches think that I'm a +Hot Boy+, I got dope dick, bitch I'm B.G
Gettin' BJ's from your BM while the DJ play my CD
Got a bitch up in the bed gon' make it squirt and touch the TV
Skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt~! I just ditched your bitch
She ain't wanna suck my dick, she say she gave it up for lent
Thats why I fuck with her the long way, ate that pussy on the first date
Give me BJ's on your off day, give me blowjobs on your off day

[Lil Wayne]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh - and now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin' - I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'
Oh yeah.. she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love it, I fuck her
We tonguin' and fuckin' and
Ohh I, don't give a fuck about these niggas all in my face
Cause I'm in this bitch goin' up, on a weekday
I got an off day tomorrow, I'ma sleep late

I brought a bad bitch too, she got a beef cake (woo!)
And she go each way, she need a teammate (ohh)
I got a bad bitch at home that never debate (never)
Sendin' pictures to my phone when she masturbate (oww~!)
I got a big booty bitch that keep her peach shaved (I love her)
I get my back scratched up, she get her knees scraped (I LOVE her)
And then she surf that dick like a heatwave (OWW~!)
And now them titties sittin' right yeah, I wanna bite yeah (yeah)
I could fuck you right yeah, all night yeah (yeah)
That's word to my right hand, that's my knife hand (juug)
And shorty with them tight pants need some flight plans (juug, juug, juug, juug)
I'ma fuck her right fast, fly her right past, your ass (juug, juug, juug)
Uh-huh.. and now we suckin' and fuckin'
And suckin' and fuckin', and suckin' and fuckin' - I'm cumin', I'm cumin', I'm cumin'~!
Ooh.. she got that hoppita, hoppita, I love her
Like wobble, we tonguin' we fuckin', we tonguin', we fuckin' - I'm cumin'~!

[both] Gettin' BJ's from your B-M while the DJ play my CD
[Flow] Skrrt skrrt skrrt skrrt~!
[both] Give me BJ's on your off day, give me blow jobs on your off day
[Wayne] Oh yeah, she don't call me Tunechi no more, she call me bae...[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Mama I'm in love with a hot girl
And they just don't get it, they just don't get it
Temperature's risin', her body yearnin'
Yeah we on that R. Kelly - and then she tell me

[Chorus: Christina Milian]
Let's start a fire, you'll be my lighter
Baby I'll be your gasoline
Let's start a fire, watch the entire
World as it opens up in flames
Let's start a fiiiiire
Let's start a fiiiiire
Let's start a fiiiiire
Let's start a fire, ire, ire

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Uhh, uhh.. and they just don't get it
Uhh, uhh.. and they just don't get it
Yeah, Mickey and Mallory
Yeah, Bonnie and Clyde (hehe) Thelma and Lil Weezy
Am I right?

[Lil Wayne]
I'm like goodness gracious, great wall of China
All we do is fuck all day, all maana
It's a cold world, I stay warm inside her
Make her perspire, sweat, blood, and cry and
Goodness gracious, great God Almighty
She fuck me like a +King+ -- Stephen, Martin, Rodney
We break all of monotony, baby we high commodity
And they just don't get it

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Yeah, yeah.. and they just don't get it
Uhh, uhh.. and they just don't get it
Me and you... they just don't get it

[Intro]

[Christina] Let's start a fire

[Lil Wayne]
Like goodness gracious, great balls of fire
She ridin' me like +A Streetcar Named Desire+
Stop, drop, roll, and shake what her mama, gave her
Clap that ass like the choir
Ooh, I ran into my old thing
I said "Bitch you broke my heart, but that's just growin' pains"
But trust me, she ain't nothin' but an old flame
I threw water on that old flame, no more flames
I'm so glad I'm out the dope game
Cause now I got more time to burn in that pussy like some propane
Now that pussy is my domain
And I know they just don't get it, they just don't get it

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne - over Chorus]
Yeah... and they just don't get it
Fuck 'em, fuck it - they just don't get it
See we already, we already lit it
And now we on fire, we on fire
Yeah, it's me and you
Just don't get it, we already, we already did it
And now we on fire, we on fire, yeah

[Outro: Lil Wayne] + (Christina Milian)
(Let's start a fire) Mama I'm in love with a hot girl
And they just don't get it, they just don't get it
(Baby I'll be your gasoline)
Fuck it - cause mama I'm in love with a hot girl
And they just don't get it (let's start a fire, watch the entire)
(World as it opens up in flames)
Fuck 'em - cause mama I'm in love with a hot girl
And they just don't get it - Young Mula baby[Lil Wayne]
Hardy body muthafucka, got the heart of a killer
Young god in da buildin, bout to start a religion
Bout to call Bin Laden up, and order some missles
Bring em straight to yo block and go to war wit you bitches
If you hit the head, then the rest fall in position
Shoot a nigga on da porch, and make him fall in his kitchen
Copped a big boy porsche, wit all da specifics
And I keep that torch, baby call me Olympics
Red, white, blue pill, flip my skills like gymnasts
And neva give a bitch money, blood, or kidneys
When the gun goes pow, I be at the finish
Wit a medal round my neck, autograph on my tennis
The land of da murder, dope, crack, and sergines
Pull up on ya in da coupe, how fat is ya engine?
Neva talk to those that sat on da benches
Boy, I was in da game, on 4th & inches
These niggaz want the business, I'ma give these boys da business
See you fuckin wit da boy, that tote toys before Christmas
Got all these hoes trippin, got all these hoes strippin
No we aint P$C, but them bitches know we Tippin
I just bought a pint and aint none of ya'll sippin
Make my friends buy they own, fuck I'm tired of being friendly
You aint gotta lie, just tot ry to be wit me
Bitches up in heaven, waitin at the God to be wit me
I'm crazy for being Wayne, or is Wayne just crazy?
I been around, I'm still around, like them Geico cavemen
Hairpin trigga, no I won't shave it
I spot Hip Hop in the ocean, I'm gon' save it
The South is so dirty, bitch you can't bathe it
Hollygrove dog, and I feel like mating
Babygirl, yo pussy lookin so vacant
And it's fuck you and fuck Georgia Bush, not makin
Fuck Waste Deep, I'm in ova my head
But it's cool, I'ma make it, I'm Good, like Meagan
Your girl wants me to come Ronald, like Reagan
Your boyfriend is softer than the carton the eggs in
I don't fear nothing, but God and weddings
At the top of my paper, like I'm starting a heading
My homie Santana, yea dat's my ace
But you may know us as, I Can't Feel My Face

[Lil Wayne talking]
Yeah.. Weezy bitch
Don't give a fuck about you at all
I'm paid.. been that way for a long time
Looks like I'ma die like that
Cuz if I am, I'ma just die.. haha

[Lil Wayne]
Yeah, see they don't know where I came from, but they know where I'm goin
And I'ma tell you just how the top feels when I'm on
In the game, I'm no cheetah, I'ma tiger, I'ma cougar, I'ma panther, I'ma bengal
Ocho Cinco
I'm illy, shirt softer than Gillie
In a piar of Gucci flops, feelin free'ier than Willie
When dem niggaz Left Eye, it got a little bit Chilli
But I just let it burn, like the end of the philly
Weezy![Chorus] (Lil' Wayne)
I've been lonely, I've been waiting for you
I'm pretending, and that's all I can do (that's all I can do mama)
The love I'm sending ain't making it through to your heart (I hope you hear me)

[Lil' Wayne]
Pain, since I've lost you, I'm lost too
Nigga feelin' like he at the bottom like a horse shoe
Sorry for the trouble that I put you and your heart through
God knows that I'd do anything for a part two, or to
be prayin' for the day you come back to me, sayin' that you forgive me
Give me another chance, I'm needin' it like a kidney
I don't wanna advance, give me back her hands
Give me back her touch, I don't ask for much
but I fucked up, I know I fucked up, I admit I fucked up
but everybody fuck up, now this other nigga lucked up
Tellin' me and my clique don't give a fuck
Cause um, we from New Orleans, she was from Georgia
She was my down chick, I was her soldier
I was her gangsta, she was my shoulder
You were the pistol to my holster .. BANG!

[Chorus] (Lil' Wayne)
You've been hiding, never letting it show
Always trying, to keep it under control (I see you hidin' it mama)
You got it down, and your well on your way to the top (keep doin' your thing)
but there is something you forgot

[Lil' Wayne]
You forgot about the house, you forgot about the ring
I remember everything, I just wanna hear you sing
I remember the love, right after the fights
You can't tell me you don't remember those nights
and if I would cry, then you would cry twice
To me you are the brightest star under sunlight
See take away my title, take away my stripes
You give me back my girl and you give me back my life
Give me back my girl and you give me back my life
See this is just a nightmare, so I blink twice
Open up my eyes hopin' she'd be in my sight
I remember the time, I wish I could bring it back
What she mean to me, is what I mean to rap (what I mean to rap)

[Chorus] (Lil' Wayne)
You've been hiding, (y'know) never letting it show
Always trying (I see you hidin' it mama)
to keep it under control (but I know you know)
You got it down (I know you do)
and your well on your way to the top
(but I wish you and yours nothin' but happiness shawty)

[Verse 3:]
But I hope you haven't forgot about me up in the livin' room watchin' Sports Center
You were cookin' dinner, I was such a sinner, but the Lord is a forgiver
You know they say if you pray then you can get your blessings ordered and delivered
and your boyfriend is not like me
Ma you even went and got a teardrop like me
I remember we would sit at home all day
You called me "Butta", I called you "Babe"
My momma asked about you, my partners did too
I know your daughter will be so amazin' like you
and I know you probably wish you never met me, and I just wish you never forget me
and let me say, please don't worry 'bout the women I have been with
No engagement can amount to your friendship
and I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is dream .. DAMN!

[Chorus]
I've been lonely, I've been waiting for you
I'm pretending, and that's all I can do
The love I'm sending ain't making it through to your heart[Lil Wayne]
Rasta dem king of the jungle
Dreadlocks swing down me back like Rapunzel
My bread run sling dem pack in a bundle
We?ll take yo ting sell it back to yo uncle
And we?ll make it rain 'till ya dances to come true
We?ll make it rain til ya better bring a swim suit
Alone when I came but I'm leavin wit dem too
Girls give me brain give me brain like Temple
And him got game game sharp like a pencil
Now if you want vermeils we can crash like a cymbal
Look upon me window I'm a new sports coupe
12 horses in the hood sittin on horseshoes
Come from the land dat Jesus walk through
Sacrifice me life man I bleed for me own crew
Dem no wanna rum rum wit me dem no want to
Murder dem and the family dem belong to
Gangsta dem know it run the street like the car do
You can hafta leave me or dearly depart you
Hip hop is mines now mines what ya gone do
I can jump on any nigga song and make a part two
Play time for me cuz see to me they are cartoons
How come every joint be on point like a harpoon
How come every bar stand strong like a bar stool
How come every line so raw you gone snort to
Murder dem man I murder dem 
Fuck a competition man I murder dem
Man I murder dem man I murder dem
Fuck a competition man I murder dem[Lil' Wayne Talking]
Young roll out baby (Yeah)
(Young money, alright, yeah)
Young roll out baby (Young money)
(Alright, alright, alright)

[Hook]
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real
Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel
Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever
Girl you know what I mean (yeah)

[Verse 1]
Well if you don't then I'll explain
You can be my Mrs. Wayne
We can do the damn thing
You see I had to tell my nigga Lil' Boy I met a girl like you
Cause I ain't never met another girl like you
But I know what to do wit a girl like you
Three letters I do

[Hook]
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real
Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel
Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever
Girl you know what I mean (yeah)

[Verse 2]
Well if you don't then I'll explain
I'll give up the game
At the top of the arena there's my jersey wit my name
What's happening baby, what's happening baby
You know you need to roll wit a champion baby
Any time I see ya I get asthma baby
Like th th that's my baby

[Hook]
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real
Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel
Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever
Girl you know what I mean (yeah)

[Somebody talking over beat]
Like fo real though baby girl you ain't gotta keep no secrets it's just me and you
You gotta keep it real
Your pussy like a drug to me
You got me fiending
If I could sing, if I could sing
Damn baby if only I could sing
Help me out lil' bra

[Bridge]
I love it baby (yeah)
I love it baby
Don't you know I love it baby (I really did)
I love it baby
Like Young Jeezy I love it baby (yeah)
I love it baby (I know you do too)
I love it baby (Well I bet you will)
I love it baby (yeah)

[Hook]
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real
Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel
Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever
Girl you know what I mean (yeah)

[Verse 3]
See they can say what they want girl
But they'd never change my views
Cause they will never know you the way that I know you
You see I'm tryna spend the rest of my whole life with you girl
And if we gotta be alone so be it baby
And if ya friends can't understand you, you don't need them baby

(Yeah, Yeah, yeah alright, yeah, see everything's alright, see everything's alright, ya dig)

[Hook]
I wouldn't care if you were a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
See you don't ever have to worry about me as long as you keep it real
Whatever is on your mind speak on how you feel
Stay true to me and never lie to me
And don't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever
Girl you know what I mean (yeah)

(Well if she don't know, she know by now)

Alright, alright, alright
Say roll out baby
Young moneyUh-huh, that's right, The Carter 3, come on
Yeah, yeah, walk with me, come go with me
Yeah, it's Lil Weezy baby, hehe
And I'm just lighting up my

La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea, yea)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, 1-7, Cash Money, Young Money)

Born in New Orleans, rasied in New Orleans
I will forever remain faithful New Orleans
I thank you New Orleans, thank you Hollygrove
That's been my hood since a snotty nose
I come thru the hood suicidal doors
I used to come thru the hood on the handlebars
Gat in my drawers, money in my pocket
Crack in my jaws, I hope it don't disolve
And you know I'm ducking 5-0 and my moms
Youngin' quick to go off like car alarms
Now the youngin' keep his mind on the parmagean
Them other niggas ain't eating like a Ramadan
Spit the shit that make you feel it in ya chromosomes
Got some money, put my whole damn corner on
Young Carter part 3, I'm the corner store
Eagle Street, keep it going till homies home
And I'm just lighting up my..

La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea, yea)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, come on, I'm just lighting up my)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea, yea)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (can I kick it?)

Can I kick my story to ya'll? My glory in God
My faith and my flow, I pray that I go where no other rapper has
And when ya rapping as, vivid as I
Ya limit is the sky, so I
Study B.I., I bang Tupac
I hum Aaliya, and Soldier Slim was a leader
Who am I not to follow greatness?
And give these emcees hell like they all athiest
Tell them hating niggas one like they in The Matrix
And tell the cops I can buy my own bracelets
I'mma keep the paper running like a pair of aces
Used to sport the Gucci bucks, nigga no laces
Stripe polo, five pocket Girbaud
Momma got her tube tied, I'm rocking dolo
I used to have the Starter jacket with the logo
And a hat, myself I had the N.O., that's the Saints nigga

La, la la la la la la, la la la la (yea, yea)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (and I'm just lighting up my)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (you know, you know)
La, la la la la la la, la la la la (Weezy, baby, yea)

It's, Lil Wayne, I'mma shine in the rain
Now nothing gets clear without me signing my name
I'm just, headlining the game, won't quit until I'm
A-roding the game, they riding the bench
They not in the game, I misplaced the key to the lock and chain
My spot remain, like a bleach stain, or cranberry
It's, "Murder She Wrote" like Angela Lansberry
I remember being small mayne
New toys when my momma win the card game
Got my gifts before Christmas, didn't have to wait for em
I had a 10-speed, a scooter and a skateboard
Haha, then we moved to the suburbs
Me and lil Toya Johnson was lovebirds
Oh man, and I swear I feel born again
I'm in the building like the audience, just lighting up my

La, la la la la la la, la la la la x8[Lil Wayne]
Hahah..Yeeah, we're all here..
What it do like, just look at it what it is, what it do
(Pump That Bass)

Okay I step up in this bitch I see 'em look at me
I must be water cuz women drown when they look at me
Court is now in order baby girl throw the book at me
I do life and make ya my wife
I can be your blanket baby girl I'm your security
Underneath the blanket it's gonna be a conspiracy
Offer me to manage, not takin off ya panties
But I do life if I touch his wife
But she wanna get right, so we do it all night till the woman is like
On my mic, that's a 1-2 check, check for a sound byte, right
Now she ready to spit
If she can swallow her pride then she swallowin' this
I tell her hop up inside that Merceal, I'll go, hit the radio and
(Pump that bass)

Yeah
Ay, the rims may offend you on the shit I slide into, fuck you
Bring it to the Dezzy tell ya be cool
Ahem, hold all the pistols, roll by the cops and
(Pump that bass)
Sittin on the corner lookin' like a owner
Talkin' to the owner, ye my price blown up
All in the strip club, never get a boner
Only get hard but D'oh! I'm Homer
And you're a simp son, and I'm a pimp son
And she ain't comin' to the crib till her friend come
We gettin' money over here you need to get some
Out comes the po, steal from my income
Outside where we take it if ya mouth run
Southside where I'm from, that's where ya bitch come
Yeah baby, I pedal the floors up, I'm lettin' the doors up I'ma
(Pump that bass)

Yeah
Ay, whatchu know about jeans from Japan
Hand made with the brand on the seam of the pants
And the steam in the seam of the pants also
And the steam, letter B on so don't go no where
Got plenty, more here and there
The shoes I wear you don't own a pair
Get it clear like a mirror, that's why ya girlfriend stare
Just been elected the president here
Cheers, cheers, tangerine tequila, no beers
Ye, I like this here
Wit Ciara on the track it's music to my ears
That's when I go to the store and I ask for a Philly
If they don't have a Philly, I ask for a Swisha
If they don't have a swisha, I ask for..
That's when I ask for, that's when I ask for a Dutchey!
I ask for a Dutchey, they gotta have a Dutchey
I don't smoke backwoods I just smoke Dutcheys
And mama over there say she gon' fuck me
But, but naw she can't touch me
Cuz my girl is lookin' way good* send corrections to the typist

[Verse 1]
Runnin' from the scene, Hammer in my jeans
Dead bodies behind me, the cops'll never find me
Arm & Hammer Clean on my way to the honeycombe
Hustle all night tell my bitch I'm never coming home
Be there in the morning, stop cryin' bitch
The sun is home, drop it on the living room table
Bitch the money home, I know you ain't gon' stay once the money gone
So while I'm rich I pull my dick and get my fuckin' on
Youngin' on some real "Gangsta Gangsta" shit
Blame it on the neighborhood I was sanctioned in
But I'ma make sure we get them acres
Tell 'em fuck computers, we good with paper
Tell 'em fuck the world 'cause I'm hood by nature
Feelin' that way is how the hood'll make ya
The hood is vacant, the streets are empty, yeah
Mr. Bush, rebuild the city, but

[Verse 2]
Yeah, over like yesterday floatin' to the floodgates
This is New Orleans, welcome to the blood state
A blood bath, and you ain't nothin' but tub bait
No political justice not even the judge safe
If his ass can't swim he get a closed case
We need our own space, I ain't talkin' about Jupiter
No luck, no help and we the fuckin' future
I'm a hoosier, usually the cool one
But when I need it, I turn into a looter
God forgive, but do he forgive the brutal
Even when it's for the better of your junior
Soon you see that life's just another movie
And the main character dies at the end, usually
There's nothin' that haven't been done that you can do to me
I been hit, I been shot nigga shoot at me!

[Verse 3]
Yeah, Money on the mind, murder in the plans
Disturbin' if you may, but it's dinner for the fam
Hustler by law, support when I can
Hustle when I can, tell me nothing I'm a man
Smell my shit as I walk off the stand
Nuts to my feet with my heart in my hand
Pardon my G, but I'm one of a kind
Been shot two times, here to put it in a rhyme
Slow lane, move the Coupe like a 5
If I get pulled over, bitch I'm gon' do time
And I know my niggaz love me, but they can't do mine
So I gotta be smart, get bread or get behind
Get lost or get in line
But the carpet's still fine
So keep tryin', the whole world turnin' back
But we keep tryin' until we get our piece, no piece
Keep Firin'

Bah[Chorus: Mannie Fresh]
Lexus, Benz, Impala's wit' the top down drivin' careless
Swervin' through from left to right, and I'm dressed so super tight
Baby girl shake it like Beyonce
I done forgot about fiance, blowin' smoke up in the air
Table dances by my chair
Get something now

[Lil Wayne]
I'm hot from New Orleans
Weezy F Baby
Way above ballin'
Stay above yall and
I got da A and da K if y'all want it
I'm making way for my homies
better not sleep, stay awake for the moment
It's young Carter come and get it in order oooh...hotter
You six feet in the six
Im snuffed in the Bentley
Oooh..shorty stop playin' wit' me
I'm da heart of the SQ mobbers
Mobbin' wit my black Madonna
Get my back momma
Got that Mac persona
I'm a P.I.M.P, I'm the uncrowned K.I.N.G
I'm from uptown never tempt me
cuz its like nevada
Ill leave my desert empty uhh
Bezzle yellow SP Yeah..
Ain't a fella hotter than me, ain't another better than me ooh.

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Hole in the door fo' show ya boy rollin'
I'm cold wit' da' flow no boast but y'all boring
holding my coast by myself never folding
Throwing the SQAD 7 up lettin' em know it
wizzle F toting floating
Notice the stroke in my motion, strollin'
Toke and a poke and a smoke got me loaded
Put a purple ocean in my soda make potion
Pull a rover over by some hoes make noise
Roll ya body like a snake slow for all my boya'z
wizzle hotter than ya hottest gat but so poised
Bodies flying in the air while I whip the Harley
I'm hardly seeing you playa you can't see me
I'm a gangsta I supposed to be on TV, really
And the rolls gold bezzle show clearly
fee where you at you gotta feel me Daddy

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
See I look to my side and Lil Gudda say peel ya
Weezy F get familiar y'all boy's startin na get pecuiliar
I'ma's kii..kii ..kill ya
I'ma Kit Kat dealer
I'ma Maybach wheeler
I'ma get them millions
Like a slick big William hater
Big willy like I fuck's wit Jada
I ain't got nothin' but yaya man
Nothin' but flavors man
Nothin' but wages man
Nothin' but paper
I'ma fuck it and take it and show all of my homies
Drop 20's on the 'Rari
Scratch off at parties
I'ma make your hoe grab all her shorties up in the Escalade Suburban
Snatch off that lingerie
I'ma make y'all boys back off the army
Put that hammer to your dome
Now come off that arm piece
And I like that chain
I'm feeling that heck
My papi's Ozzy Ozbourne
And I'm feeling like Jack
Gimme dat!

[Chorus]

That's wassup
Man, it's weezy F man
AND The F is for fly (flllyyy)
Birdman junior...[Intro: Lil Wayne]
I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous
Naw, naw
And I'm laughin at them pussy niggas
And that pussy shit they doin
Gettin cake like I'm Jewish
My nigga Drake he Jewish
I swear to God I ain't nervous, naw

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Ok, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous
I say I swear to God I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin, and slurpin my syrupin
Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain
I see you turning up with your turn up ain't workin
Just want some mouth and lip service, yeah
I'm gettin head behind the Maybach curtains

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Ok I'm straight edge, no ricochet
That pussy boneless, that Chick-Fil-A
I fuck with real riders, and they tickets paid
Niggas crying wolf, while I wipe them tears away
I swear my mama trust my work
So I give these hoes that work
They say the best things in life are free
So thats why it cost for you to get murked
Have my pants saggin like fuck it
I'm still on my business, spent my birthday in jail
I was making bad decisions, saw my enemy at the light
I told Marley light the weed
Then I lit them niggas up before that motherfucker turn green
Your bitch ride my like a go kart
I pay that pussy like Mozart
I Mozart these hoes hearts and then after that they worseless

[Hook]
Ok, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous
I say I swear to God I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin, and slurpin my syrupin
Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain
I see you turning up with your turn up ain't workin

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I like em long hair and curvy
If niggas think its a game I leave their brains on their jerseys
She said she love me, thats the molly talkin
Her pussy so wet, it keep sliding off it
She got a nigga, but he ain't me bitch
I'm the original gangsta, he the remix
Girl do you use that same mouth to kiss your mama?
I say only God can judge me, fuck your honor
Yeah, her birthday suit is her pajamas
She said I didn't know your dick was a recliner
I punch her man in his eye give him a shiner
I blind him
Him and whoever co-signed him
I get Adam like Yolanda
Young Money Cash Money Obama
Its fuck the world no condom
If he twisted, Ill unwind him
And this pistol came with a silence
But I swear to God he heard it

[Hook]
I said I swear to god I ain't nervous
Naw, I swear to got I ain't nervous, aha
Bitch I'm a god, I should be rappin in the turban
Ain't got no problems in this bitch, for certains
I see your turning up but your turn up ain't workin
Baby I do on some out here lip service
She gonna ride this dick like the kentucky, derby

[Verse 3: Boo]
On that Pat Ryan I'm swervin
Game tight like virgins
Got a bad bitch she Persian
Call her AK when she squirtin
You see the niggas I'm with
That boy Boo the shit
As long as I got a face, your bitch got a place to sit
Yeah I'm wildin' off them shroomies
Ain't got no worries like Tunechi
All my chicks be boosie
Wanna hold hands, then watch movies
I be like God damn, make a nigga lose it
Ain't no talkin, lets get to it
Real niggas winnin, fake niggas losin
Bitch I leave that pussy with bruises

[Hook]
Girl, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I swear to God I ain't nervous
No, I swear to God I ain't nervous
I got her workin, twerkin, and slurpin my syrupin
Ain't got no problems in this bitch for certain
You fuck with tunchi, you end up a missin person
She got a tunchi on her booty
I'm getting head behind the Maybach, curtains
Yeah* send corrections to the typist

[repeat 2X]
Do it
Do it, now, now, uh do it now
Now, now uh do it now gul

[Verse 1: Wayne]
Hot Boy Baby, stop for a woman with her clothes off
Get hed, then doze off
This bed is so soft, this dick is so hard
End all the bullshit as soon as I pull it out
Then I put it, push it, in and out
That's that good shit, that gushy, I work them out yea
She said her guy can't satisfy her
now she cumma cumma cumma cumma cumma chameleon
She comes and gooooes, my hoe
And I love her, love her, love her, I love her, I really do
But I don't hook or handcuff her, that's not somethin' I do, yea

[Chorus: 2X]
Reel: I feel like fuckin' somethin', I feel like fuckin' somethin'
Wayne: I'ma step to the girl, I'ma let her know my name
She gon' look at her girlfriend like bitch I'ma leave you, yep!

[Verse 2]
I don't want no problems, I just wanna fix that problem
If your problem be that nigga, mama, I will be that nigga
You should have yourself a drink, I get through and
your girls about to go peace, I get you in
the V.I.P. with me, now talk to your girls, V-I-P I be
cause I do it, large
iPod, the coolet muthafucka that you prolly ever saw
To the bar we spar, lovetaps, later on we turn that to war, yea

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
OK ma, I hear you sayin' I can hit, that's good
wat about this nigga I'm with? he good
that's my nigga Trill Reel, Reel show her wat you do...
That's how me move so, baby lets move slow
Mami that's too slow, keep up with the groove
We gon' get to wrestlin', messin' with your breasts
since you come through in a dress, now I'm undoin' your dress
Yea, I got my 1,2, my 1,2 in effect
I'm the young dude, that's sprung, you come through and get wet
And yes I..know I..ease 'em when I please 'em
The people downtown never want me to leave 'em
Ohhh

[Chorus]

Do it
I said do it* send corrections to the typist

[Chorus]
Only once the drugs are done
Then I feel like dying, I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done
Then I feel like dying, I feel like dying
Only once the drugs are done
Then I feel like dying, I feel like dying
I feel like, I-I, I feel like

[Lil Wayne]
I am sittin on the clouds-I got smoke comin from my seat
I can play basketball with the moon, I got the whole world at my feet
playin touch football, on marijuana street
or in a marijuana field-you are so beneath my cleats
Get high, so high that I feel like lying
down in a cigar-roll me up and smoke me'cause (I feel like dying)Haha

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
Swimmin laps around a bottle of Louie The Thirteenth
Jumpin off of a mountain, into a sea of Codeine
I'm at the top of the top-but still I climb
and if I should ever fall, the ground will then turn to wine
Pop, Pop I feel like flying-then I feel like frying
then (I feel like dying)

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I can mingle with the stars, and throw a party on Mars
I am a prisoner locked up behind Xanex Bars
I have just boarded a plane without a pilot
and violets are blue-roses are red
daisies are yellow, the flowers are dead
wish I could give you this feeling-I feel like buying
and if my dealer don't have no more, then (I feel like dying)

[Chorus] - repeat 'til end[Lil Wayne]
Rapping is my hobby, my house has a lobby
My bitches act snobby, because I feed them thousands
I know that didn't rhyme but I'm only being honest
You can't pay me in cash now I'm only seeing commas
I swear I got on Saks 5th boxers right now
I'm trynna milk the game as if the game was a cow
I had an Eddie Bauer expedition seven years ago
My grandma used to tell me that she swear I been here before
I used to wear braids like Jason's lyric, whoa
Spent a bundle on the cross because I'm spiritual
And I can never pass a physical, I stay high
High as the voice of Akon
And make mine a straight with no chase
Hold the ice, I got enough on anyway
And when they see the boy, they hyperventilate
I got 'em running after me like I'm about to win a race

[Hook]
Cause I'm a beast, I'm a dog
Bitch I'm a beast, hoe I'm a dog
Yeah you know that I'm a beast, I'm a dog
I'm a beast, hoe I'm a dog
You know that

[Lil Wayne]
No, never entertain the suckers with the hating bidness (Nah he never did that)
I'm on a yacht playing table tennis
Expensive linin, women sinning
Adultery - compulsively
I'm an arsonist on the beat, blaze fire
The door close to the booth, I feel like a caged lion
Yeah let me loose, now let me get 'em
Cause I ain't going back and fourth like badminton
No I will never drop the ball like badminton
And I ain't being conceited, I'm just admitting
I flow cocky, got hand rhythm
I got this bitch on lock like San Quentin
I'm tough daddy, what's popping gangster?
I'm trynna keep my pockets fat like opera singers
So sharp, if you touch me I'll chop your fingers
I'm on top of the game like helicopter angles
I see you niggas, I hope you having fun
I hope you have a gun, this shit is crazy
It's little Baby, I'm here to take it
And it's looking vacant

[Hook - x2]

[Lil Wayne]
Ok, now I'ma go off on 'em, at first I was going soft on 'em
But now it's time to go hard, busting, banging Bogard
Take a shit in yo' yard, take a piss on yo' broad
Make a list of yo' boys, and go and murder them all, huh
Life is short, yeah a midget told me that
And I always thought I was fly like I had a pigeon on my back
But I got decisions on my back, vision on my back
So don't you try to run up on me, I got precision with that gat
I don't rat-tat-tat-tat-tat, all I got to do is tat
Bet I hit my tar-get, like a fucking dart mat
My address is Cloud 9, seek and you shall find
Weezy on da grind, I'm bout my Frankenstein
You know me, yeah, from my Lincolns to my Franklins
See I make that money stretch and connect like an anklet
Keep the bitches running in and out my house like a banquet
And I don't even speak their language, haha
And if the bitch boyfriend get angry
Then my niggas turn around and tell his whole click
Fuck that nigga! Pussy ass nigga!
Fuck that nigga! Yeah!

[Hook - x2][Lil Wayne samples]
"The hottest... under the sun"
"Damn"
"Ain't nobody fucking with me man"
"Ay, you already know that pimping"
"Cash Money Records, where dreams come true"
"Fuck up my dream"
"Somebody gon' die tonight"
"Ay, you already know that pimping"
"Ay it's Cash Money Records mayne, a lawless game"

[Lil Wayne]
Un-fucking-believable, Little Wayne's the president
Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, even if they celibate
I know the game is crazy, it's more crazy than it's ever been
I'm married to that crazy bitch, call me Kevin Federline
It's obvious that he'll be Cash Money till the death of him
The ground shall break when they bury him, bury him
I know one day they got to bury him
Better lock my casket tight baby, so I don't let the devil in
People, it's just me and my guitar, yeah bitch I'm heavy metalling
You can the fucking Led Zeppelin
Niggas is bitches, bitches, I think they full of estrogen
And we hold court and take your life for a settlement
Yes I am the best, and no I'm ain't positive, I'm definite
I know the game like I'm reffing it
This is Tha Carter, Tha Carter 3, the New Testament
And I'm the god, and this is what I bless 'em wit

[Hook]
Bitch I'm me, I'm me
I'm me, I'm me
Baby I'm me, so who you?
You're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
Yeah, couldn't ya?

[Lil Wayne]
It's Cash Money over everythang
It's in my blood, I feel it running in every vein
I'm from the mud, I am a missile like a scud
What's really good? I'm bout that ruckus like thud
And I stayed on my flow at Cash Money like rug
Tied to the fucking Birdman like a lug
And dear Mr. Ronald Williams, to you
I shall forever give thanks like a pilgrim
Cash Money million, heir to the throne
Going at their heads like hair in a comb
Sitting by the window, I just stare at the stone
Know I might get through it like hair in a comb
Your money over bitches, my niggas trust my senses
And I will take a dasher as the lord is my witness
And you all have witnessed, but I am not finished
So keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen

[Hook]
Bitch I'm me, I'm me
I'm me, baby I'm me
So who you? You're not me
You're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm still a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
Bitch!

[Lil Wayne]
Last year they had the Grammy's and left me in Miami
Sleeping on a nigga like I'm rapping in my 'jamis
I'm rapping when you sleep, I was rapping when you were in 'jamis
Mel Gibson flow, Lethal Weapon, buck 'em damn me
I'm a monster I tell you, monster Wayne
I have just swallowed the key to the House of Pain
Now I'm stuck here to deal with the house's pain
Fuck with me, I will peel like the house's paint
Let's go, niggas don't go see me cause I'm better in bold
The only time I will depend is when I'm seventy years old
That's when I can't hold my shit with them, so I shit on myself
Cause I'm so sick and tired of shitting on everybody else
I try to tell ya like I'm saying something
I'm from the Dirty like the bottom of my passed cup
And now nothing gonna stop me so just envy it
Hey, I'll accept a friendly quid haha

[Hook]
Yeah, I'm me, I'm me
Bitch I'm me, baby I'm me
So who you? Fuck you!
You're not me hah
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I am a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
Bitch!

[Lil Wayne samples]
"The hottest... under the sun"
"Damn"
"Ain't nobody fucking with me man"
"Ay, you already know that pimping"
"Cash Money Records, where dreams come true"
"Damn"
"Somebody gon' die tonight"
"Ay, you already know that pimping"
"Ay it's Cash Money Records mayne, a lawless game"(Intro)
Consider this Evil Empire thing as a threat
Evil Empire

(Hook, Lil Wayne)
I don't need no hook for this shit
I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't miss
Shawty I don't need no hook for this shit
I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't
And I don't need no hook for this shit
I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't miss
Shawty I don't need no hook for this shit
I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't

(Evil Empire)

(Verse 1, Lil Wayne)
Ah-ah-ah-ahem
Ah-ah-ah-ahem
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Ah hahaha
Ok now shawty take yo clothes off
And I'ma hit it-I'ma hit it 'til we dose off
And when we wake up, I'ma hit it 'til we dose off
She say her pussy isn't stoppin
I'm like, if that's the case, I'ma beat it like Johnny Cochran
I'm a rocket like Houston, I'm leanin
Ain't nothin between me and you, but this bikini
Now can it I take it off ya?
Rub my tongue across ya
I do it so right, she call me an author
But I am just a Carter
Yeah, I'm just a Carter
Straight to the powder
Yeah, that's what I brought her
Man I swear, I'ma make her cheer like victory
Shawty shawty, you can get speared like Brittany, literally

(Hook, Lil Wayne)
And I don't need no hook for this shit
I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't miss
Shawty I don't need no hook for this shit
I'm just tryina hit it-hit it like I can't(Sample from T.I.'s "Swagger Like Us")
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us

(Verse 1, Lil Wayne)
Pull up on the corner, windows down on the space ship
Ballin so hard man, I deserve an ace mint award, applaud
Like I'm on stage, be married to the money (Evil Empire)
I just skipped the engagement
I'm fly, my ally is the bird game
The top flew off of my whip, bird brains
Third lane in the back of the first lane
I need Rihanna's "Umbrella" for this purple rain
Hurt to wayne, call it Wayne's World
Money money, call 'em Wayne's girls
Young money gangstas
Runnin this shit like a flanker
Ain't a clique like mine
We click like 9's
And we get higher than six by nines
The stove ain't watch, cuz it's my time
Bad boom swagger ain't shit like mine

(Hook) [Jim Jones]
No one on the corner have swagger like us [Not at all]
Swagger like us 
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us [I don't know what corner they from]
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us [We from them corners that do it]
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us [On my corners we make swag]
Swagger like us [And we sell it to y'all]
Swagger-swagger like us [JONES!]

(Verse 2, Jim Jones)
Took ballin to a phenomenon (What else?)
I caught niggas snorin with no pajamas on (Section C)
Talkin slick, who am I to reply?
So fly, you would have to shoot me out of the sky (I got my target)
Mayday-mayday, they said he parachuting
The air got polluted when I had the Maserati (Vroom)
But now I'm gettin green, I'm thinkin higher than Ferrari (Yes)
You should call me god body (Learn ya lessons)
Fresh to def to the arm legga legga (And)
All white Nikes, check the bomb was venetta (And)
One jet, I can change the weather
Lookin all gully in my herm-ay skully (Damn)
Threw on a scarf, look with a different Louie (Whatever)
Niggas can't touch me like Jim had the cooties (He got the cooties!)
Stunt so hard that niggas wanna sue me
The rap money good, but wait 'til I get to movies!

(Hook) [NOE]
No one on the corner have swagger like us [Like the young Will Smith of this shit]
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us [Bird game baby, capo what up!]
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us [Yeah, Baltimore banger, man]
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us [Let me test this mic out]
Swagger-swagger like us

(Verse 3, NOE)
Listen, who kid? It's the new kid
The ber-berry boss, asterisk on the shoe, kid (Fly)
The Baltimore Buccaneer, the explorer
In Tom Ford linen and a crispy fedora
Caught throwin a tilt
Thought I was the man 'til I puff the open sex, her ass dropped on the silk
The nocturnal hustla, product of the evening
Gritty, runnin through New York City like the thieving
Time to up the ante
Pockets uncanny
Bulging Kim pussy pressed against the panty
Now I'm in Vermont, and done funny in Miami
Duckin rat packs like Sinatra and Sammy
Trust me, I've been underneath the tap
Doin time, pressin jeans underneath the mat
Waitin on feet up
Now I hate to speed up
My g, you wanna ride?
You gotta raise the front seat up

(Hook)
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us

(Verse 4, Twista)
T the best!
I styled it with that category
Others got a lot of stories
All these other rappers bore me
They say Twista, won't you take this to your laboratory
No ones in the category
Talk about your swagger for me
Nobody fuckin wit Twist' 
I be havin to fill the irrelevant
And then I be killin 'em off with my ana'
It's like I'm a scorpion, like I'm an elephant
Fill 'em with venom and then I'ma stomp 'em into oblivion
Like I'm a million, like I'm a billion
Like I'm a trillion, I'm a gazillion, hey!
Hit 'em in the body with a millimeter then I gotta put 'em in the dirt
Put me in the middle of the money, cuz I know I gotta get it
So I know I gotta work
Grab them since '91, when I came at them differently
I am the first
They be comin and travelin with the dead bodies of rappers 
And I am the hearse
Twiiiiistaaaa
I'ma get money killa, stay full of swagger
And that eat'cha beat'cha
Twiiiiistaaaa
I got that horror flow
Call it the creature feature

(Hook)
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner have swagger like us
Swagger like us
Swagger-swagger like us* send corrections to the typist

Uh yeah, uh yeah, uh yeah, holla at me

(mannie fresh in background)

[Verse One]
Say boooyyyyy
You ain't want to get hit with the AR, AR, 15, 15, flip cars
So just imagine what it do to pussy niggaz that goin against me
I come hhhaaard, I'm so hard
I'm bruising up my knuckles I'm watching my fist bleed, fist bleed
So whhhaaat
I'm bustin this bustin, this fuckin up everybody that I see
So move to the left, cause you might catch a hot one
Tear a whole square out ya chest with the shotgun
Make a whole pair out one nigga with the shotgun
We can go there, my nigga, I'm so there
Ridin by myself with the chopper on the backseat
Shoot out the driver side knock his body to the backseat
Stop pause, make the Dominique Dawes
Flippin bitch niggaz when them shorty's go off he

[Chorus]
Lose the handguns, we don't got back nigga
We hold shotguns, we pop that nigga
And when you shot it, don't it
It make ya body bounce
You do the shorty bounce

And when it hit you don't it
It make ya body bounce
You do the shorty bounce, bounce

Shorty Bounce
Now bounce shorty bounce
Now bounce shorty bounce
It make ya body bounce

[Verse Two]
Now, ay fella
You ain't wanna get hit with the AK, AK, 47, 47, heavy metal
Guns and roses
Roses and dresses
Funeral settins
Blessins
Ay man
You see 'em on the waist
I'm tryna shoot straight, straight shot
Don't lose faith
Homie use safe
Hit ya in ya grill, now they call you two face
This ain't dance, this a motherfuckin' pressure point
Eartquake, break a nigga down to a decimal
Break a nigga break, break a nigga down to a vegetable
Lay ya grandmother next to you
This the the untestable, the untouchable
The young stunna do, whatever stunna do
Stop pause nigga, make the Dominique Dawes
Flippin bitch niggaz when them shorty's go off he

[Chorus]

[Verse Three]
Ay chump
You ain't wanna get hit with this straight pump
just a pump, with the pump, with the pump
Not the pump, the pump
You know if I get em, you got already, you got already gotta slump
I shot 'em once, with the buckshots
Make it look like a sun shots
A nice body all dumb hot
He turned cold dead
Anybody in the city cops say did
Look me in my eyes nah look me in my barrel
Leave a barrel strawberry cherry on ya apple
I'm a very scary, new orleans mammal
Shorty on my back got me workin like a camel
Put a hole in ya back and lift you up
I'm weezy f baby
Guess whats up
Stop pause, make the Dominique Dawes
Flippin bitch niggaz when them shorty's go off he

[Chorus]Album:Mr. Postman 12"
Song:Mr. Postman
Typed by:numeros_uno1@hotmail.com

[Sample]
I've been standin' here waitin', Mr. Postman
So-o-o patiently
For just a card, or just a letter
Sayin' he's returning home to me, Mr. Postman

[Intro - Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
That's right darling, aha
Yeah, It's ya baby, baby, ha

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
I got her waitin' on me, she lookin' down the block
She see me walkin' up and she run to the mailbox
She say it feels she's up in a cell block
And I open her cell lock, I'm the (Postman)
Just come to make my mail drop, more masculine than him
I'm nastier than him, I'm passin' her and him
In something faster than them
And then he like, "Damn, there go that bastard again, he the (Postman)"
And she correct him, and I respect her
And he protect her, and she neglect him
And he caress her, and she molest me
He must be weak cuz me, I'm just the (Postman)
And when her man home, I'm the ghostman
Why you think she holdin that pillow close, man?
Why you think she wont open the bathroom door?
She's no whore, she want more of the (Postman)

[Chorus - Sample] (x2)
Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman
So-o-o patiently, Postman
Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman
So-o-o patiently, Postman

[Verse 2 - Lil Wayne]
Girlfriend snatcher, I don't care if you're attached
If that's her, then that's her
And that's me to smash her
Now she hangin' up her high ass skirt, on the (Postman)
Hehe, yeah baby I got that comeback
I'm at your walls like a thumbtack
So Miss Humpback, I know what to do with all that
Fall back, I'll put you a sinner, in the (Postman)
That's big talk for a little guy
But I'm walkin' without reply
She got her legs up, she tryin' to walk in the sky
She callin' for God, and she callin' on I, she say (Postman)
I'm like, "Yeah baby, I'm right here baby
He's here baby!" She like, "Yeah baby!"
Heres a chain letter and some magazines
Keep it clean, he will never think it was the (Postman)

[Chorus - Sample] (x2)
Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman
So-o-o patiently, Postman
Postman, Po-post, Po-post, Postman
So-o-o patiently, Postman

[Verse 3 - Lil Wayne]
Yeah, she love my gangsta, she feel my swagger
I'm there every week just to give her her package
I pick up her bills and I pick up her taxes
You might find a few stamps on your mattress from the (Postman)
She want young holly grove in a envelope
I'm her private note and you ain't gotta know
I'm her fantasy, she always got letters on the canopy
Waiting for the (Postman)
No postal service, I just got my social workin'
And your girl is lurkin', and this world is dirty
And your girl is nervous, to give me head in the convertible
I'm the (Postman)
Yeah, kind and curtious, she love that in me
She love me in her, and I love that plenty
It never fails, sorry homeboy
But you've got mail, I'm the (Postman)

[Chorus fading until end]Can I dig it
when you baby me
oooh oooh, oooh
my darl..
oooh
my darling baby
you're in...

[Lil Wayne]
Uh, more beautiful than the world
Word, matter of fact beautiful ain't the word
unexplainable is the beauty of her
and I will be the race car hitting her curves
errrrr
I drive her crazy, stupid retarded
yeah and then I park it
she got a smile on her that put a smile on me
she cater to me she get all destiny child on me
she ride for me even though I got miles on me
she gon ride till the day they put flowers on me
thats my darling
and I love it, yeh
thats my, yeh
so sweet she bad for me
but she so good I'll take the cavity
falling for her like how safe is gravity
I'll make your girl about face and marry me
hahahaha, yeh
I do, do you

[Drake]
but ahhh, the things I'm willing to do for her
I wish I could have a threesome with two of her
I would sing a love song if I knew the words
but I'll be damned if another nigga do it first
cos you the one, damn I think I see the sun
I guess that mean you gotta run
well holla at me when you done

[Chorus]
Can I dig it
when you baby
woop woop woop
my darling baby

[Drake]
uhh
she nothing like every other dime
I think about her and couple things come to mind
thoughts like if she end up my baby mother fine
cos we only use a rubber like every other time
oooh, I bet she so embarrassed
I had to take her ass to Paris
give her the moments that she cherish
you know

[Lil Wayne]
yep
she got it coming to her like an heiress
and anything she want I +wheel+ like +ferris+
oops I meant ferris and in the coupe I tint very light
so them hating bitches can see me and you at every light
oooh, and I hope its one of them long lights
I mean I hope its one of them long nights
no wrong turns, aint no such things as a wrong right

[Drake]
uh yeah
you make me feel so good
and every time we cut I swear it heals so good
its been over a year that shit is still so good
no adjusting for you, you know just what to do and all
yea, oh and I love it
see I'm trying to make it public
I think the glass slipper does fit

[Lil Wayne]
and yesterday I told her she a muthafucker
and how her new haircut is so becoming of her
oh thats your girl, well Imma make a women of her
never do to another what we do one another
now thats a numbers for ya, and i'll give up my summers for ya
yeah I'll spend my winters and my springs on it
and put a ring on it, eyy

[Chorus]

[Drake]
uhh, just say yes not no
the club is overrated baby lets not go
lets stay home and burn a couple calories
fuck the house up and make the maid earn a salary
yeah I cook you dinner if you cook me breakfast
they say that nobodies perfect but you look perfected
I really love to be the one you took a step with
so trust me when I tell you it'd be worth the effort

[Lil Wayne]
shes unbelievable like a purple leopard (?)
just give me the formula watch me work the method
hehe, Weezy F, I prefer the best shit
and babe you the fucking best
you deserve a trophy
you could be my four leaf clover
my clothes aren't tight nigga their cosy
and when she turn around they say Whoa like Joey
thats my baby
and I love it
yeah, Young MoneyThis is the archetypal rock sound

[Lil Wayne]
Ok this really ain't no rock shit
But um, let go
Hollygrove monster
New Orleans maniac
Shoot a nigga up until his whole body ain't attached

Hi, my name is best rapper alive
And your mouth is the best crapper alive
Cause you talk shit, I get hit and walk it off
Like fuck that, then I just spit like barking dogs
Call it bust back
Attitude like fuck em all
And I'm greasy
And your boyfriend is a butterball
What's geezy
I mean what's good, bitch is you blind
Check my watch bet it be money all the time
Sunny on the side where I stay at
Where M.I.A. at
I get pussy every time I say that
In the game room, I don't play that
Bitch nigga get laid down where he lay at
AK at your front door
Young Zo
You can ask Brisco
Shoot til my wrist so
Coupe with a bitch low
Who put the slick pull
I'm tired of the south, so in your mouth is where the dick go
Yeah

They like it when I say yeah huh?
And your boyfriend's a tampon
And I don't own land baby
I own a land mine
So step on my land and catch a bomb like Anquan
Weezy F. and the F is for franchise
You lookin at me is like you're lookin through ant eyes
Young Money can't die
Bitch we like Hancock
Yeah I'm a Martian what you saying Spock
I turn your beef into a ham hot
Then I put it in a pan pot
Shoot 'til my hand hot
I can't hear you saying stop
I hear nina sayin pop
I hear choppers sayin chop
I hear niggas screamin and shit
Like I said holla at ya boy bitch
But holla at ya boy bitch
I'm the boy bitch
Not ya boy bitch
Cause ya boy a bitch

Yeah
Young Moola Crazy

[Gudda Gudda]
Eastside Loco
You're sweet like cocoa
And you can get your ass beat fast like go-go
Mask on my face, low pro that a no show
Shoot a rapper when his album drop give 'em promo
You clown like bozo
They ask him bout the group shit
It's time to get the loot bitch I had to go solo
Your bitch all on me, you better watch your hoe though
She wanna come kick it like a dojo, uh-oh
Slick nigga fuck 'em then I drop 'em like a low low
Bitch want money like mils no, no-no
Nigga if you hating suck a dick no homo
Boy I keep it gutter like bo-bos
Yeah I'm doin what I do so nigga just do you
And my gun nicknamed mnage, she do two
Nigga welcome to the Young Money age zoo crew
We starvin and you could get ate like zoo-zoos

Niggas boo-hoo cry motherfucker I'm heartless
I'll break bones and cartilage
You are just a mark muthafucker
I'm a marksman
And I'm all about the green like Boston
Pardon me nigga I'm talkin reckless
You walk into a gun fight
Knife, no vest, bitch you crazy
Just like the ice you wearin you fugaze
Put 'em in the dirt
Make 'em push a few daisies
80's baby
Soon to be rich nigga
King Kong beatin on my chest on you bitch niggas
Paper I'm after
So I'm on your ass now
Young Money mothafucking cash cow
Gudda[Lil Wayne]
Hat to the front
Lookin' like I'm lightin' up a bat for a blunt
I'm stickin' to the script, tryna kick it like a punt
My life is like a movie and I do my own stunts
I'm the Birdman Jr., call me young Baby
Coulda been a killer but Cash Money saved me
Remember I was little but the cash money made me
Big dog bitch, no tramp, no lady
Young ass nigga had a thing for old ladies
But as I got older I began to like 'em younger
To heavens where I brung her, and when she was under
She said "Daddy they, daddy they, daddy they, daddy they
Daddy they can't do it like you can"
I get chips like Vegas and I am not a blue man
Too much ice on my wrist and now I got a blue hand
And if I sing Prostitute she gon' need some new pants
And if I sing Pussy Monster she gon' need a new man
Hello world, I would you all to meet me, her new man
I vow to stay on top of my Somers like Suzanne
And I hustle everyday, everyday, everyday, everyday
Everyday I'm hustlin', fillin' up my cup again
With that purple stuff again, I can't get enough of it
Pay me in the direction of a swisher and I'm stuffin' it
With that purple stuff again, I'm on some same color shit
After you do Wayne, it's time to do Wayne's brothers bitch
I get money like a fuckin' Wayans brother bitch
I get good with Gorillas and stay away from the rattlesnakes
And the jakes, and the fake, and the hate
Interstate 10, no cops in sight
And I'm coming back with a whole flock tonight
Lord, don't let me get stopped tonight
Or I'ma have to shoot it out with the cops tonight
I swear, and tell the jack boys not tonight
Cause I ain't 'N Sync but I will Pop tonight
Yeah, that's right, if you ain't got that price
Then go that-a-way, not a way we can even negotiate
Big money heavyweight, on my way to Heaven's Gate
So if that be them open gates, flow so appropriate
Don't associate me with the bullshit
One wish, I wish a motherfucker would trip
Like a engine, I come from under the hood bitch
But now a nigga gettin' paper like a booklet
They ain't help me with it, but I took it
And now they never get it, never get it, never get it, never get it
Never get it back, yeah that's my word
"Bling-Bling" in the dictionary, yeah that's my word
And for me Ja Rule made it just like Irv
Sometimes I still go through the hood just to kiss my curb
Cause I love that block nigga, Eagle and Apple
Old G's, young G's, leaders and barrels
But God found me like a needle in a barrel
And I'm so ready for war cause I'm a Jesus for the battle
Money on my mind, that's all I think of
Married to the game, never taking my ring off
M.O.B., yeah that's my theme song
Smokin' two L's, rockin' bells like ding-dong
haha, yeah I got my wings on
Flyer than the rest, I don't rest I keep going
I just I-G-nore 'em
Like anyway, anyway, anyway, anyway
Anyway it goes, I'ma get gold
And I could see the top the way I'm climbing this pole
A nigga with the flu ain't rhyming this cold
And nigga I'm hotter than a "fire in the hole"
Steppin' out my shower like a lion in a robe
Eyin' these hoes, iron in my hol-ster
Surp, purp, sure
Let's elevate and get away, accelerate and never hate
Dedicate this, to the blue eyes and blonde hair
I'm on top of my green like a lawn chair
Don't worry, I'm straight like arm hair
Don't worry, I'm straight like combed hair
This world fucked my Pops and I was born here
From the cell to a jet, call it Con-Air
I told my niggas that we would see
Better days yesterday, and today is a better day
Celebrate* an exception is being made for this song only due to popular demand

[gunshots]

[Lil Wayne talking]
Haters nigga... Squad Up nigga
     ("Fuck Jay-Z")
 Naw my nigga I fucks wit Jay-Z Sorry you know what I'm sayin
     ("Fuck Jay-Z")
No no no I fucks wit the homie man...sorry no
     ("Fuck Jay-Z")
Yes we bout to squad this thing out baby Ya'll ready to squad wit me
Then throw yo guns in the air mu-fucka
If you aint got a gun get the fuck up outta here mu-fucka
Cause we gon' bust it in ya head mu-fucka
We here mu-fucka yes this is the squad right here
Dawg And no the rhyme aint even start yet bitch
But here we go, come on Wayne
Look
I, young money boy Lil' Weezy
Hold it for A and Eagle
Cash Money cross the belly
Cash Money Makaveli
We get that fetti fellas we bump that Roc-a-fella
We got it pumpin holla back we crack rocafellas
Nigga my tires better, I'm on them monsta bellas
I got that brown boy or that white consuella
Fee this shit over I got us thats a promise
Let's go cop two new rovers drop it on Magic Johnsons
Thats 32's for fools stick to them stuntin' rules
500 up in ya tummy can you stomach dude
S Q my young'n crew we paid our fuckin dues
Thats why yo bitch is over here suckin and fuckin dudes
Ya'll niggas want a war bring it it's nothing dude
This shit too hot to relax bitch dont get comfortable
I fuck with super sammy blanco and fuck the bull
Hydro I puff and pull until I'm duckin full
What are you fuckin crazy come on its Weezy baby

No for real bitch its Weezy baby

Call me bad Wayne and I'm like Max Payne
The sickest shit to hit since anthrax came
I leave you with a tampax frame all bloody
Just stand back man y'all dont want it
But damn that man I come thru and do my Grand Theft thang
My cran-ap tan cap slant back thang
My hustle game up plus my flow that ugly
Just call me Mitchell and Ness I got throwback money
I got that um all good if its no crack money
I got that hes all good he dont need to show that money
I blow that money cause I know that money
Hit the club and wild out and go and throw that money
If that bitch on 21's then you know thats money
I'm a pimp I'm bout to perm it out and bullrush somthin
You a snitch you probably hit the court and burn dude
Thats that Weezy the shit that make yo soul burn slow

Fuck Ya ...S Q A D Holla at ya boy

(lil Wayne talking)

They cant fuck wit me man
I dont Dawg I dont see em fuckin wit ya nigga right here
Ya know what I'm sayin
Call me the throwback youngn
Bitch everytime you see me I'm in the 70's ho
You dont know if its a jersey or the pimp game bitch
Or it might just be the shit I got in my back pocket
Know what I'm sayin In the balloon or the silver pack
What you how you want it nigga? Huh?
How you want it dawg?
It's whateva we got it nigga from 64's to bentleys
To porsches nigga to the to the to the fuckin g-wag
You dont see a g-wag in the city unless its Weezy
And that white lady but we dont know her You know what I'm sayin?
Thats how we doin it dawg
This ya boy right here Man I'm holdin it down for the N.O.
And when you come past here you entering my home nigga
I I run New Orleans east I'm a 17 nigga but I run tha East Man
You know what I'm sayin
So So when you get to sheps think of Weezy man
Know you steppin into Weezy territory
You more than welcome to come holla at me man
I got whatever you need
Holla at ya people man
Squad up I see y'all baby its all love dawg* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne]
+Oh Baby+, Oh weezy
Yes 'sa (Weezy, Baby)
You know I'm Weezy Wee the - Boy
Apple and Eagle - Boy
Packin' them heaters - Boy
That's blocka - Oh Boy
And I'm back in the streets - Boy
My crack is fa' cheap - Boy
I got that - Boy Boy Boy Boy
I'm movin' in wit' my - Boy
We doing it - Oh Boy
I'm S.Quing it wit' my - Boy
SQAD UP - Oh Boy
You try us no (Boy) I'm the - Boy Boy
I come through in that toy on them alloys boy
Mami like boy, I move so quik
I'm the good dick boy, so slick..
.. boys so click wit' my - Boy
I'ma stick wit' my - Boy
That my - Boy Boy Boy Boy
Hey Maunderin' this young Wayne
Mami you know the game
You know ta give me brainz, til you make your boy range
Go try another - Boy
You gatta suck ya boy get a Mack
not a man baby, +Ya Understand+ baby
See me the - Boy
Me and that fifi - Boy
Call us them fly - Boy
We high - Oh Boy
I, ride fa' my - Boy
An-twan you my - Boy
Hey we - Boy Boy Boy Boy
I'm that pistol pack - Boy
I'm back - Oh Boy
And this shit is a rap - Boy
I told ya - Oh Boy
Y'all all know the (Boy) Grove-a - Boy Boy
Ya, not from the Magnolia, but the bar Soljah
Y'al sippin' that Belvi - Boy
Step it up - Boy
Ya know whats in my cup (Boy) +Purple Stuff+ - Oh Boy
And ya wanna swallow ya - Boy
But tomorrow you can (Boy) halla at 'cha - Boy Boy Boy Boy
Yes, its the Cash Money - Boy
The Young Money - Boy
Fuck it I done it (Boy) 500 - Oh Boy
Aiy gimme ya bitch - Boy
I show you how ta (Boy) make her 
Twerk-n-Work-n-breakin' them chips boy, you fuckin' wit' a sick boy
I feel it bubblin', I think I'm about ta shit boy
I need a hit of that light green sticky shit - Boy
Got me feelin' like - Boy Boy Boy Boy
Stupid bitch I'm the - Boy
The fire dont stop -Boy
I'm the only Hot - Boy
But I'm glad - Oh Boy
But I'm mad at 'cha (Boy) that - Boy Boy 
Dont make a nigga bust a Mac at 'cha when I see ya 
Ya need ta listen - Boy
I'm in the kitchen - Boy
Cookin' and Zippin' - Boy
2 for 1 - Oh Boy
Hey Juve fuck wit' ya - Boy 
I won't fuck wit' ya (Boy) Fuck Ya - Boy Boy Boy Boy
Got a baby girl, not a - Boy
She a trip - Oh Boy
I love her thats all my - Boy
Sweet Nae' - Oh Boy
But ya mama played ya - Boy
Fuck my - Boy Boy Boy 
She knows how it go, I'ont love them hoes (BIATCH)
I'm keepin' it gutta' - Boy
Gangstaz in my blood, Ima thug it til my hole is dug - Oh Boy
Boy I'm bustin' it for my - Boy
Who want it wit' the team (Boy) scream - Boy Boy Boy Boy
Who sayin' Weezy Wee, not a muh'fuckin' livin'
Lemme fuckin' live (Boy) I'm just muh'fuckin' pimpin'
The dub still dippin' (Boy) an I'm still smokin'
An as long as they still sniffin', I'm gifted
Aiy Aiy I'm not a lil' - Boy
Look at my fuckin' wheels, Check the size of my shoes
I'm ridin' on my heels boy
This shit is real - Boy
Fee (Boy) ya gatta feel ya - Boy Boy Boy Boy
Where my New Orleans East - Boy
Not the cops - Oh Boy
I mean a nice car - Boy
Thats them drops - Oh Boy
Them rat-a-tang-a-ring (Boy) bang - Boy Boy 
Yea, I put it in a bullet go right inside of your hoody
Ya lookin' at the boy, ya hatin' on the boy, ya waitin' on the boy
July 2nd cocksucka, the Eagle block all the money man, SQAD Up-a
I'm the - Boy Boy Boy Boy 
Weezy bitch, yuh yuh, weezy* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne]
Young mula
cash money mafia, (yea!)
weed and syrup

[Lil Wayne]
It's weezy baby, (who?)
Strapped like the navy, (what)
Ridin' wit a half a brick strapped to her baby, (ok)
I be getting money, run a lap if you lazy, (yea)
Grand daddy purp got me trapped like mazes, (oww!)
Bunch of diamond chains lookin' like a bunch of lasers (yea)
Understand I'm sharper than a fuckin' hellraiser, (raiser)
Bad yellow bitch on my sidekick pager
You know it's goin' down like down goes Frazier, ya dig? (A!)
Yes, and I be wit mid west chubby
But I'm from the dirty, keep it dirty like I'm playin' rugby, (ha)
Bitch ride me like a old school huffy, (what?)
Let me see you work your mouth like a fuckin' guppie, (go head)
My leather softer than brand new pair of hush puppies
My top will leave if I decide to hit the punch button, (hit it)
It's young weezy, how could I ever quit stuntin'?
Get mad, I'ma get money

[Chorus 2x]
You getting' money? oh yea
You got them hundreds? oh yea
You roll around witcha pockets all chubby? oh yea
You stay fly? oh yea
You that guy? oh yea
You that dude we can call for them pies? oh yea

[Juelz Santana]
A! Dipset
Skull gang
Haha

[Juelz Santana]
Juelz baby
They see me and start cheerin
Rockstar like Santana Van Halen, yea
Burn em wit the nina
Hot head, nickname fever
Ya bitch, I Turner/Turn her like Tina, haha
Booty in the air, then I bump her like speakers
Then I get right back to puffin' my reefer, (A!)
Yes, yes I'm coke supplyin'
Best pitcher on the mound since Nolan Ryan, (ha)
I got that cheap blow
Heavyweight, I sell snow by the ski slope... come and get some
And the cars got engines like speed boats
Throw dough away like tickets to a free show, (uh)
You outside getting' re-poed, (whoa)
I'm bein' watched under the law, I'm rico (A!)
And all the chicks come to me for wood like Home Depot
I shine, you just a little star, you twinkle, (twinkle)
We make it rain for real, ya'll just sprinkle
We shut down ya hydrant, aight then (A!)

[Chorus]Mr. D. Carter
From out the deep water
Thank the lord for my voice
The beat, and the recorder
Now pick an alphabet
And your a z and
While I'm up tryin to be the best mc and
Now let me in
I got my key in
And with them alphabets
I never used p-e-n
But I gotta lotta paper
But a lot aint enough
So I got an occupatioin
Gotta bring the baking
Straight to the kitchen table
Homie if ya girl pregnant
You should kiss her naval
Cuz you probably wont live
To see the motherfuckin cradle
Ya past left a scar
And ya future's lookin fatal
Ya can't be sorry
Ya gotta be a savior
Gotta be the bread winner
So go rob the bread maker
When they put ya homey to sleep
It's gotta be a wake up
Ya move in the hood
Then ya gotta meet the neighbors

Bitch get off me
Bitch get off me
I'm the little ass nigga
Known as big homey
The killas is ballin
The niggas is targets
The snitches is talkin
But this is New Orleans
I love what I got
I'm just livin the moment
I aint dyin just yet

I take a shit in the coffin
I already know how to piss in the toilet
I'm tryin to get the pot
To piss in in the mornin'
I never fall back
I'd rather go forward
And when I come through
Ya betta duck like howard
Because I got power
Just like a forward
I come through the lane
And straight dunk like Staudi-
Mire, Amare reminds me of I-uh
He's a Pheonix sun and I am fire
Dis-re-spect and I spit fire
Til ya neck end up like

Hey
Now would ya light that blunt
Promethazine please
Now bitch look at me
Like a set of t.v.'s
I'm just tryin to live out my destiny
Please, let me do me
I got the recipe, feed
I'm all about my bread
Like a seseme seed
Big dog talkin, check my pedigree flees (HaHa)
And I ball like every team
And I got every girl havin sex with me dream
My heart is in the dirty
But the rest of me clean
I jump for Hollygrove
Like a trampoline fiend
And I rock ya bells
Like a tambourine bean
Jewelry shinin' like flush
Maybaline bling
Red Giants jersey if ya know wut I mean
Gimme Plaxico Burress, number seventeen
One circle, three fingers is the theme
And young money mother fucka is the team[Verse 1]
Uh, Slick-dickie on my one and two
So sweet what I did with a Honey-Doo
No pun intended, no one offended
You just bet' not leave yo' girlfriend unattended
I holla at her, holla but don't scream
I ask her "Why sleep if we don't dream?
So let's stay awake, besides, dreams are fake"
She say "Ooh you deep?" I ask "How deep can you take?"
Hehe, my loveboat in ya lake
Baby can I stick my lovenote in ya gate
Hehe, read and weep
Sincerely fuckin' yours, Weezy F B

[Chorus - Lloyd]
It's that pretty down round, drvin' me wild
Cause baby I'm lovin' your style, and the way that you do
The things that you do, when you do what your doing
We can do it, anyway you like if you know what I mean
Thinking you might wanna play on my team
The way that you do, the things that you do when you do what your doing
We can do it, so keep going girl, keep going girl
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop
Cause I'm on it girl, and I wanna take you
To the top, the top, the top, the top
Straight to the top, to the top...

[Verse 2]
I prefer that you would just call me
Weezy, Eastside gangsta
And, I be runnin' this shit like the Flanker
Blackcard Banker, hanker in the backpocket
And I wear them skinny jeans, so you see my fat wallet
That's right I'm a big shot, call me " Little Cannon Ball
Mr. "Get up in your girl mouth", like some Ambersol
Hip-hop president, ain't my girl elequant
Don't she got more junk in her trunk then an elephant
Nigga I'm an animal, watch me, I examine you
And my chucks are old, but I swear to you my flanel new
I get money manual, then I just man you
Bitch ass nigga, I'm gone like my Lam' roof, Young Money!

[Chorus - Lloyd]
It's that pretty down round, drvin' me wild
Cause baby I'm lovin' your style, and the way that you do
The things that you do, when you do what your doing
We can do it, anyway you like if you know what I mean
Thinking you might wanna play on my team
The way that you do, the things that you do when you do what your doing
We can do it, so keep going girl, keep going girl
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop
Cause I'm on it girl, and I wanna take you
To the top, the top, the top, the top
Straight to the top, to the top...[Verse 1]
Uh, Slick-dickie on my one and two
So sweet what I did with a Honey-Doo
No pun intended, no one offended
You just bet' not leave yo' girlfriend unattended
I holla at her, holla but don't scream
I ask her "Why sleep if we don't dream?
So let's stay awake, besides, dreams are fake"
She say "Ooh you deep?" I ask "How deep can you take?"
Hehe, my loveboat in ya lake
Baby can I stick my lovenote in ya gate
Hehe, read and weep
Sincerely fuckin' yours, Weezy F B

[Chorus - Lloyd]
It's that pretty down round, drvin' me wild
Cause baby I'm lovin' your style, and the way that you do
The things that you do, when you do what your doing
We can do it, anyway you like if you know what I mean
Thinking you might wanna play on my team
The way that you do, the things that you do when you do what your doing
We can do it, so keep going girl, keep going girl
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop
Cause I'm on it girl, and I wanna take you
To the top, the top, the top, the top
Straight to the top, to the top...

[Verse 2]
I prefer that you would just call me
Weezy, Eastside gangsta
And, I be runnin' this shit like the Flanker
Blackcard Banker, hanker in the backpocket
And I wear them skinny jeans, so you see my fat wallet
That's right I'm a big shot, call me " Little Cannon Ball
Mr. "Get up in your girl mouth", like some Ambersol
Hip-hop president, ain't my girl elequant
Don't she got more junk in her trunk then an elephant
Nigga I'm an animal, watch me, I examine you
And my chucks are old, but I swear to you my flanel new
I get money manual, then I just man you
Bitch ass nigga, I'm gone like my Lam' roof, Young Money!

[Chorus - Lloyd]
It's that pretty down round, drvin' me wild
Cause baby I'm lovin' your style, and the way that you do
The things that you do, when you do what your doing
We can do it, anyway you like if you know what I mean
Thinking you might wanna play on my team
The way that you do, the things that you do when you do what your doing
We can do it, so keep going girl, keep going girl
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop
Cause I'm on it girl, and I wanna take you
To the top, the top, the top, the top
Straight to the top, to the top..."Love her like..."
"Oh, oh yes I love her like..."
"Oh, oh yes I love her like..."
"Oh, oh yes I love her like..."
"Oh, oh yes I love her like..."

[Lil Wayne]
Oh yes I love her like Egyptian
Want a description? Her body's sickening
I can be her prescription, I can be her physician
Sexual healing, I can be her religion
And now she's kneeling, praying to the ceiling
I bless her as if she sneezed, must be the weather
I dress her, I am her sleeves, I am her feathers
She's fly, flyer than you, flyer than me
I love her, she loves me too, I love her three -
Times, more than her mom, time will tell that I'm the nigga
That she should, we should, be wherever she wanna
Be on a late night, mid day, AM
Just say when, and I know I be with cavemen
But never - mind them
She's poison and I am Michael Bivins
See I know that y'all don't hear me - but she does, we does
What grown folk do when they had too much to drink and I think
We done had to much too drink and...

[Hook - X4]
"Oh yes I love her like..."
Pussy, Money, Weed {*X3*}

[Lil Wayne]
Oh yes I love her like I ought to
I see you at the alter Mrs. Carter
I see you with my daughter, or son - more than one
Maybe five like the Jacksons, or John Paxson
Just don't let 'em fuck up the mansion, and daddy will be home
Later on, smelling like the cologne that I put on
This morn, and I hope that you smell like woman soap
And shampoo, and lotion, and perfume, and candles
And I'ma run through that pussy like a vandal, yes
I'm nasty as a Scorpio but I'm a lucky Libra
Got her wet like she's sweating out a fever, wow
Leave her, to me and she'll be smiling every single time
You see her - from e-ar to e-ar
I wanna be beside her when she sleep and she lay
Or we can stay awake and watch the next day
Clothes are overrated, panties are debated
Einstein - her head is the greatest

[Hook - X4]

Oh yes I love her like her dad told her no man would ever love her
Oh and I better be the only man sticking it
Licking it like an envelope, mailing it, sealing it
Read it, I have written down Victoria's secret
Don't tell nobody, don't share your body with nobody
Not even a finger, I will cut it off and let him keep it
Now that's for Weezy, baby and at my station
We have sex orientation
When I hit it, she squint like them orient Asians
I do me, I say hey miss Chung Lee I like to see your booty
Roll like sushi, I'm trynna dip my celery up in her blue cheese
Ah's, ooh wee's, wa la's, tah da's
Mhm's, uh huh's, oh yeah's, never oh no's
Until I have to go, and then its - never oh no
I tell her don't cry, I be back like the electric bill
And when she butt naked she dress to kill

[Hook - X4][Mannie Fresh]
Wuuuun (Whaa-Whaa-Whaa-Whaa)
Check me out (Come on)
Cash Money Millionaires
Check me out

[Lil Wayne]
Baby named me Fire Wayne, wit lots of change
You can catch me in an aqua range, squattin things
With them twenty-two inch chopper blades
Diamond face wit tha diamond brace
Aye, more colors than the game Simon Says
Go lights out
And mami on forty-fifth she said she "Diked Out"
And she ain't like too much of stick, but got tha right mouth 
So I took it anyway
But aye I'm a playa, don't need ya (ughh) anyway
OK, let's talk about this ice that I'm carryin
All these karats like I'm some kinda vegetarian
If they play, I bury them, y'all already knowin
I threw up my arm and really thought it started snowin
See I'm a keep it goin, Big Tymin, you heard's me?
Aye I got cake like everyday my birthday
Wait, I don't think they heard me
I say dog I got cake like everyday my birthday

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
(Shine) - From my head down to my shoes
(Shine) - Skiiiiirtin on twenty-two's
(Shine) - Check my baby mamma
(Shine) - Whip Rovers, not Hondas
(Shine) - I'ma spend it 'til it's gone
(Shine) - Don't know when I'm comin home
(Shine) - Doin X and drank Cris'
(Shine) - My life is tha shhh...

[Mack 10]
I rock em all, brown rocks to baguettes
I bang and ball, like blood and crypt sets
On Lear Jets, I'm done and dirty and so flossy on tha scene
I'm ridin on dub dueces wit TV screens
And my garge is full of rag tops and candy paints
(Baby:  Tha new Bently out?)
If I don't got it, it ain't
Cause my grind is to shine, I'm as real as they come
And In case you didn't know, I'm tha man where I'm from
Ask em who rock ice on tha west (Baby:  They say Mac)
Ask em who gotta scared wearin vests (Baby:  They say Mac)
Ask em who got like thirty cars (Baby:  They say Mac)
Ask em who got strip, scars, and bars (Baby:  They say Mac)
Man I'ma whole lot richer since tha for life scence
Went countin myself, to a money machine
I'ma get till I can't, wit tha U.P.T.
It's chicken hawk, Whoo-Bangin out tha Dub-S-C

[Hook]

(Mikkey)
Now introducin Mikkey, you could find me crusin tha city
Black X-5, wit four dymes wit me, Y'all feel me
Down wit CMR, so you know my cash is long
Brains, I ain't even gotta ask it's on
Come on, tha ice is blue, the remey is red
Haters turn green, queens wanna give me some head
Still I'm quick to pop two in tha feds
Ya know I been hungry my whole life, so I'm due for some bread
Go head, name another click that could rap above us
A bunch of millionaires walkin wit our gats in public
Cats love it, boosie broads deny it
They step to tha store to buy it, go home and bump it in private
And you know me, I'm low key
Nothin special, just a pinky ring, a Roley, a lil ice on tha bezel
And when I drive by, I can't help doin tha drive-by
Cause my rims be killin haters, every time I ride by

[Hook]

[Christina]
Look, I got shoes, boots, coops wit missin roofs
Chris stackin, even when I'm in tha booth
Got charms and charms, you can call me tha bomb
And you can call me Deep Blow, cause tha smoke under my arm
Got Royces on vogues, countin banks rolls
Even y'all hoes is sendin me roses
I'm nasty and iced up, call me Nicisty
On a bike or in a truck, yeah what you like me
Shoes, bags call me Parda
Haters never mess wit me, don't call me nuda (Ha-Ha)
I sip dun, call me Lady Don
Rock leather on my Harley, call me tha Bomb
Brought a new Coup, painted it baby blue
Got it new shoes sittin on twenty-two's

(Mannie Fresh)
Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun (wha-wha)
Ya Heardz, sittin on twenty-two's

[Hook]

[Baby]
I'ma stunna, a band new colorful hummer
A Benz, I could ride everyday of tha summer
Brought a Jag for my baby girl, surrounded right
Wit nothin but ice, new whip wit Barda pipes
I could shine when I wanna, buy a ride when I wanna
Cook a brick, cut it up and sell dime if I wanna
Just scored a PT and I streched it quick
Big rims, six tires, candy paintin it slick
Put tha ice on tha shelf until you match my wrist
Golf ball earrings, thirty karats a lick
Got Brian in a mink, got Pearl in a mink
Carivan Excersen, twenty inches look deep
Catch me on tha lake wit a flock of freaks
Me and Mannie tearin it down, cause we love tha streets
Gotta barbecue poppin, bouta cook up tha meat
Fa sho baby girl laced wit ice and mink

[Hook]

[Stone]
I hold it down like and what
Brown and Tan stunnas
Platinum matchin wrists like I broke some handcuffs
Drivin a CL-6
Ridin wit Bear's clique
Tha block done got hot, I'm slingin them raw bricks
We givin them haters trouble
They I was seachin rubber
Lil wodie steady bouncin in a brand new Bubble
Cop rocks like small mountains
Hit blocks wit four ounces
You know you can't stop our watery, we got out own fountain

[Lac]
You can catch me in tha Di-ablo, on chrome wit tha top missin
Tha ring, tha piece, tha chain, and tha watch glistenin
All in a drop Bentley on twenty-two inches
Wit no note, and I sure ain't rent this
Here come Lac and he stuntin, stuntin 
Ridin up tha lake on Super Sunday
When I come through I'm tryna jump in somethin
Sound at fifty, and I'm bumpin, bumpin* send corrections to the typist

[Lil Wayne]
Catch me I'm stumbling but no I'm never slipping
I come up out that water with nothing dripping, who fucking with him
I'm the guy they call the Carter the slaughter house
I go hard don't try cause I ride like the Marlins
Come buy I supply you with quarters
And bricks if your money that thick
I ain't running I'm running this bitch, sun on my wrist
I rock that, That rose ? parkay with the crock strap (Damn)
I stroll every single day with the glock strap (Blam)
I'm spittin like Pac back (Wham)
I got that Bentley GT same color as rock crack
Interior stock black, but don't get popped at
I watched half my neighborhood get kept back
The other half sleeping where its best at
Minor set backs, this is grown man talk minor get back
I just had to stress that, talk to 'em B

[Chorus: Baby]
You better know about the game of life
Cause When you hustle you can shine for life
You better know it could happen tonight
When your hood rich living the life
You got the money that could change the frame
And have a bitch just loving your game
You Got a Benz and a brand new Range
With 26's all over them thangs

[Lil Wayne]
Hey, I made a few adjustments, but for better justice
I get that cheddar fuck em.. maybe motherfuck 'em
I'm handing nothing to 'em but a plate of murder
It ain't beef if you can't make a burger... Nigga
I'm on the streets you on the curb
Aint no talking to police 'cause we don't speak the same word
Who that, Tryna take the Carter for a new jack
I'll pistol whip you on your block 'til your blue black
(laugh)... Till your blue black (listen)
Alot of niggas like to touch other cities
But my city like to touch other niggas (yea)
You come down for the Essence and the Mardi Gras
But I got here thats where your partys are
Dont shine too hard, watch behind you god
That chain looking like a sign that say "follow me home"
I'm a desperado from the Hollygrove side
Where alot of folks ride, and a lot of folks died

[Chorus]

[Lil Wayne]
I'm on the corner with my work in the mailbox
One foot out the grave one foot in the jailhouse
I done put my foot in the flow
To fast feet my cash, get my feet out your ass (yea)
I told momma im gone; I'll be back with money
I came back with the throne; she very proud of me
I tell her pray for me; cause everyday for me
Is a struggle to make of it
They got my nigga Big Blake in the state oven
But he gonna eat a nigga plate when he escape from it
Please label me real 'cause I ain't make it here faking
Neither was it vacant; take a nigga bacon (shit)
Break bread or we break heads
Put the pump to your stomach turn your face red
Pump a nigga dome now he a bass head
Hit him one more time like stay dead

[Chorus}Thank you. We would like to thank you
This must be what it feel like
Hustlers and Hustlerettes
Gangsters and Gangstresses

[Jae Millz]
Yo, black and grey pin stripe suit
Marc Jacob hard bottoms
I'm fly spreadin my wings like true
And my date yeah she beautiful too
She went easy on the make-up but the bitch still cute
We ease out the rows and proceed forward
Ain't her so i'm passin twice
Feelin like a graduation with all of these flashing lights
You fucking right a lot of ?? clique gonna splash tonight
You damn right a lot of wifes gonna be smashed tonight
Red carpets, cameras, I say Millz yikes
Shit this must be what victory feel like
Got you niggas stuck like still lifes
Weezy told me kid we bout to know what making history feel like
Young Money got 'em bout to earl like Garnett
I throw my hands in the air and scream top of the world
The champs has arrived
Thanks for the applause
You are far too kind
Now pass us our award

[Mack Maine]
Pass me that H20
I'm in a H2
Passing on my old bitches
They hollerin' out I hate you
New bitches that I don't know like Mack I wanna date you
Walt Disney on Ice every time I skate through
I got that blue flame flow, it's inferno
Clamidia type of words they will burn you
Your flesh is what I burn through
I'm +sonning+ you niggas, I'm paternal
I ain't going nowhere like Joe Paterno
I'm still calling shots from the press box
I make you niggas cough up a lung like S. Dot
Put hot sauce on my bullets now your flesh hot
Glove over my shooting hand when I feel the TEC's hot
You niggas on the bench, y'all gets no P.T.
Becuase you can't ball hard like B.D.
You niggas wanna be me
When you're at home you listen to my CD
And roll your eyes every time you see me
I used to fuck with B.G.
I got a White House that ain't in D.C.
Try Atlanta nigga
Me and my brother Tomb be riding round in Phantom's nigga
And Maybachs with wheels that cost a fortune like Pat Sajak
And we still got that Vanna White
We done made from Hollygrove to this, nigga this a fabulous life
Honey comb hide out, Young Money beehive
Let me move to the side, here comes the Best Rapper Alive

[Lil Wayne]
And I will not lose
I got them bitches lookin' at the bottom of my shoes
Call me First Place Carter
I live in the lead
I'ma die with the title
And winning is vital
Women is after, we get that money right now
My paper chase me, it's on my heels like some white socks
I'ma just go 'cause I don't really like stop
Pull this bitch out and shoot you once in the right spot
Y'all niggas phony, the top is so lonely
I had to tell the devil you gonna have to postpone me
Right now I'm in a race, in a race against time
'Cause everybody else is like a race against mom
But momma kinda fast though
Momma told me smash though
So I'm about to smash your motherfucking ass hoe
Motherfucking asshole
Yes I know this
But when you get the cash out the asshole
You gotta be on some shit
Future billionaire, yeah I gotta be on the list
Got a runway in my pants 'cause all the models be on my dick
Young Money, Young Money
Swallow that shit bitch
Santa Clause killer with a holday shit list
You could check my imprint
Two new TEC's and a M-10
Every bullet in him
He swell up like a blimp and
I get money hoe, what the hell I look like pimpin?
Bitch I'm winning
Ya dig?* send corrections to the typist

(Lil Wayne Talking)
I never felt better, Never have, Never will, (Holla)
I mean all I see is money, I got a C-Note between my eyes, (Its Real)
Please feel me, Sqad Up nigga, (For Real)
I'ma dig deep folk, Dig deep dogg, (Its Real)
Now listen, Now what you is?

(Verse 1)
I am what you call a survivor, like trouble with drama
But I recover with power, and love it with honor
Discovered as a son of a problem
Remember smugglin powder throught the doors of my high school
To force up they nostril, 'til it got full
But now they pop for a pill
Lil one here's what's up, Drugs could kill
But drugs could heal
If ya, ahh, ill for that good feel
And it feels good when them fields pull
We wheels quarters through the real raw parts of the streets
My hearts in the streets, So watch what ya step
When ya run from the gunfire of Glocks and Tech's
Specials and Pumps, Vests is for chumps
Eat ya chests for lunch, munch
Young country dude, hunt ya down with tools
Repsect my presence, I step with weapons
You fall in seconds
Its all in the code of the streets, we go by it and stop from it
Real nigga talk, No frontin
Heh

(Chorus)
Do you understand the words that are comin out of my mouth?
If ya dont its because I'm speakin real nigga
Real nigga, This here is real nigga talk
Real nigga talk dogg, I hope you feel me
Let me talk to you dogg, You gotta feel me
I hope you feel me, You gotta feel me
Listen

(Verse 2)
Chrome's hidden inside of my tires
You should see the size of my tires
Ridin' on Mark McGwires, I spark the fire
Got me higher than a late flight
From L.A. to New York twice in the same night
Got some shit in my bag to make ya vein white, Cocaine pipe
Watch homie's brains get rain whipped
Thats the type of sight to make Wayne right
They sayin life is short but money is long, And money is life
So for now I'm runnin the lights, in the 600 with pipes
Hop out, Collar Polo, and under the stripes is something that bites
We will be thuggin for life
And can't nothin pursuede or change us
We gangstas, we live it, I'm in the post without a Pippen
But fuck it, I'm just shootin when I can't move
Who'da knew I can't lose
And truthfully through the loot that's Young Money Entertainment
You get it arranged then holla at me

(Chorus w/ minor variations)

(Verse 3)
I burn in the winter, stand up in the fall
Stand up in the stands, and stand up for my dogs
Them asses I will spall, the plan is too ball
But the stuff I got in my pants cuff
is enough to make'em put my hands on the wall
Work, push on the strip, I'm pushin the whip
Fat back pockets, my cushion if I'm lookin to slip
I'm hookin ya lip, If ya play hookie with my chips
Put that ass kitchen, bitch, when ya cookin that shit
Dodge hoes, jukin and shit
Cause I can see beautiful women, but I'm not lookin for shit
I'm from the hood where you tooken for shit
So you gotta take the shit, and make ya shit
I had to bring home the bacon bits
Cause Pop's was fakin, and he left a nigga bakin shit
Now my heart ache and itch, from all the flagrant shit
I gotta take in, and thug out
Real nigga talk, bitch

(Chorus w/ minor variations)[Lil Wayne]
I mean, tonight is history because
I got one of - I got a fuckin legend standing behind me
When I turned around, I saw this nigga
I was like stop the music, and let the motherfuckers know
that D, M, X, is in, this, building!