Seek paleblood to transcend the hunt.
When The hunt Began, the Healing Church left us, blocking the great bridge to Cathedral Ward, as Old Yharnam burned to the ground that moonlit night.
To escape this dreadful Hunter's Dream, halt the source of the spreading scourge of beasts, lest the night carry on forever.
Ascend to Oedon Chapel.
The Byrgenwerth spider hides all manner of rituals, and keeps our lost master from us. A terrible shame. It makes my head shudder uncontrollably.
A watchman of Byrgenwerth guards the gate with a password, the sacred adage of the Grand Cathedral.
Heir to the ritual of blood, purveyor of ministration. Place your hand on the altar's sacred covering, and inscribe Master Laurence's adage upon your flesh.
The sky and the cosmos are one.
The red moon hangs low, and beasts rule the streets. Are we left no other choice, than to burn it all to cinders?
When the red moon hangs low, the line between man and beast is blurred. And when the Great Ones descend, a womb will be blessed with child.
The spider hides all manner of rituals, certain to reveal nothing, for true enlightenment need not be shared.
Nightmarish rituals crave a newborn. Find one, and silence its harrowing cry.
Madmen toil surreptitiously in rituals to beckon the moon. Uncover their secrets.
Behold! A Paleblood sky!
The Mensis ritual must be stopped, lest we all become beasts.
Master Willem was right. Evolution without courage will be the ruin of our race.
Hunt the Great Ones, Hunt the Great Ones.
The nameless moon presence beckoned by Laurence and his associates. Paleblood.
Three third cords.
The Healing Church nuns are chosen for their merit
as vessels for blood, and groomed as Blood Saints.
The mere chance of being treated with their blood
lends legitimacy to the Healing Church and communion.
As the great Logarius once said, "Acts of goodness are not always wise, and acts of evil are not always foolish, but regardless, we shall always strive to be good."
Used to slaughter the Vilebloods in Cainhurst. Bathed in pools of their blood, and forever steeped in their ire.
Martyr Logarius led a band of Executioners, and this badge was crafted at their dedicated workshop. The Wheel symbolizes righteous destiny.
Their workshop was a secretive enclave of mystical beliefs and heady fanaticism which served as the backbone of the Executioners' unique brand of justice.
A secret symbol left by Caryll, runesmith of Byrgenwerth.
The rune for "Radiance," adopted by the sworn Executioners under Logarius' command.
The executioners despise the impure Vilebloods, and no matter what the circumstances,
would never cooperate with the bloodthirsty hunters who serve the undead queen, Annalise.
The Vilebloods of Cainhurst, blood-lusting hunters, see these frightful things in coldblood. They often appear in the blood of echo fiends, that is to say, the blood of hunters.
Queen Annalise partakes in these blood dreg offerings, so that she may one day bear the Child of Blood, the next Vileblood heir.
This rune resonates with servants of the Queen, carrier of the Child of Blood, who yearn for their Queen's blood with little hope of requitement.
For them, they find solace in "Blood Rapture", that serves as a surrogate for their desires.
This paper-thin silver armor is said to deflect blood of ill-intent, and is what allows the royal guards to capture prey for their beloved Queen, so that one day, she may bear a Child of Blood.
What remains of Annalise, blood queen of Cainhurst.
This pinkish lump of flesh remains warm, as if cursed.
All hail the undying queen of blood!
This pendant, passed down among the vicars who head the Healing Church, is a reminder of the cautionary adage. To reveal the adage, touch the altar skull.
When clerics began transforming into unspeakable beasts, the Church needed something to retaliate with.
A member of the old Healing Church would know
that her blood is similar indeed, to precisely what
was once forbidden.
Artificially recreates the blue sparks that are said to surround darkbeasts.
Unlike the other strange weapons created by Archibald, this one was favored by many hunters, in particular those who had even once laid eyes on a darkbeast.
Unfortunately, for reasons untold, the hunters of Archibald's time did not fully take to the device.
Runesmith Caryll, student of Byrgenwerth, transcribed the inhuman utterings of the Great Ones
into what are now called Caryll Runes.
The hunter Who retrieves this workshop tool can etch Caryll Runes into the mind to attain their wondrous
strength.Provost Willem would have been proud of Caryll's runes, as they do not rely upon blood in any measure.
Discarded doll clothing, likely a spare for dress-up.
A deep love for the doll can be surmised by the fine craftsmanship of this article, and the care with which it was kept.
It borderlines on mania, and exudes a slight warmth.
Among the first hunters, all students of Gehrman, was the lady hunter Maria.
This was her hunter's garb, crafted in Cainhurst.
Maria is distantly related to the undead queen,
but had great admiration for Gehrman, unaware of his curious mania
Lady Maria was fond of this aspect of the Rakuyo, as she frowned upon blood blades, despite being a distant relative of the queen.
One day, she abandoned her beloved Rakuyo, casting it into a dark well, when she could stomach it no longer.
Silver-shining tear stone.
Use to change into a droplet blood gem that fortifies any weapon.
A doll sheds neither blood nor tears and thus its nature remains unknown. Whoever thinks this is precious must be troubled by severe naivete.
Perhaps the doll's creator had wished for just such a friend, albeit in vain.
A small, very ordinary hair ornament.
Although it has been lost for quite some time, one can still see signs of the care with which this tasteful ornament was once kept.
Its colour would stand most brilliantly against a head of greyish hair.
Badge of a hunter of hunters, who hunts those who have become addled with blood.
The badge of the Hunter of Hunters is quietly passed down from generation to generation, usually to an outsider from the hinterlands.
To be entrusted with this cursed badge, one must be strong, resilient to the seduction of blood, and gracious when taking a comrade's life.
Hunters of Hunters dress as crows to suggest sky burial. The first Hunter of Hunters came from a foreign land, and gave the dead a virtuous native funeral ritual, rather than impose a blasphemous Yharnam burial service upon them. with the hope that former compatriots might be returned to the skies, and find rest in the Hunter's Dream
A small music box received from a young Yharnam girl.
Plays a song shared by her mother and father.
Inside the lid is a small scrap of paper, perhaps an old message. Two names can be made out, however faintly, Viola and Gascoigne.
Gehrman surely saw the hunt as a dirge of farewell, wishing only that his prey might rest in peace, never again to awaken to another harrowing nightmare.
Created before the workshop existed by making adjustments to everyday clothing, and later became the basis for all hunter's garb.
The hunter's emphasis on engaging beasts with speed, and therefore of selecting lightweight attire, no doubt traces back to Gehrman's own combat style.
This hunter's badge, crafted in Gehrman's time, has no practical purpose, except perhaps to assist in romanticizing the past.
The badge was a special privilege for the hunters of the past, and should not be dishonored.
It should be left in peace, unless one is truly prepared to assume the will of those gone before.
The bone of an old hunter whose name is lost.
It is said that he was an apprentice to old Gehrman, and a practitioner of the art of Quickening, a technique particular to the first hunters.
It is most appropriate that hunters, carriers of the torch who are sustained by the dream, would tease an old art from his remains. 
The taciturn old hunter Henryk was once partners with Father Gascoigne, and though they were a fierce and gallant duo, their partnership led to Henryk's tragically long life.
Henryk's unique yellow garb is resistant to bolt and will be of great help to any hunter who has inherited the onus of the hunt.
The product of a slow and careful refinement process, this rare blood vial appears to be a clinic original.
Every Great One loses its child, and then yearns for a surrogate. This Cord granted Mensis audience with Mergo, but resulted in the stillbirth of their brains.
Every Great One loses its child, and then yearns for a surrogate. The Third Umbilical Cord precipitated the encounter with the pale moon, which beckoned the hunters and conceived the hunter's dream.
Every Great One loses its child, and then yearns for a surrogate, and Oedon, the formless Great One, is no different. To think, it was corrupted blood that began this eldritch liaison.
Provost Willem sought the Cord in order to elevate his being and thoughts to those of a Great One, by lining his brain with eyes. The only choice, he knew, if man were to ever match Their greatness.
A great relic, also known as the Cord of the Eye. Every infant Great One has this precursor to the umbilical cord.
Use to gain Insight and, so they say, eyes on the inside, although no one remembers what that truly entails.
Borrow the strength of the terrible undead darkbeasts, if only for a moment, to blast surrounding foes back with the force of a roaring beast.
The indescribable sound is broadcast with the caster's own vocal cords, which begs the question, what terrible things lurk deep within the frames of men?
Crafted by chiseling the long bones of an undead darkbeast and fastening them to the weapon. The bones are still alive, and when unleashed, grant its wielder a spurt of beastly power.
As flesh is flayed and blood is sprayed, the beast within awakens, and in time, the wielder of this weapon surges with both strength and feverish reverie.
Skull of Laurence, first vicar of the Healing Church. In reality he became the first cleric beast, and his human skull only exists within the Nightmare.
The skull is a symbol of Laurence's past, and what he failed to protect. He is destined to seek his skull, but even if he found it, it could never restore his memories.
One of the precious secrets of Cainhurst. The old king's crown is said to reveal illusions, and expose a mirage that hides a secret.
And so Logarius donned the crown of his own volition, determined to prevent a single soul from stumbling upon the vile secret.
What visions did he see, sitting serenely upon his new throne?
An arcane sword discovered long ago by Ludwig.
When blue moonlight dances around the sword, and it channels the abyssal cosmos, its great blade will hurl a shadowy lightwave.
The Holy Moonlight Sword is synonymous with Ludwig, the Holy Blade, but few have ever set eyes on the great blade, and whatever guidance it has to offer, it seems to be of a very private, elusive sort.
The radiant sword indicates the heirs to the will of Ludwig.
These hunters, also known as Holy Blades, are what remains of an ancient line of heroes that date back to a very early age of honor and chivalry.
The School of Mensis controls the Unseen Village.
This hexagonal iron cage suggests their strange ways. The cage is a device that restrains the will of the self, allowing one to see the profane world for what it is.
It also serves as an antenna that facilitates contact with the Great Ones of the dream.
But to an observer, the iron cage appears to be precisely what delivered them to their harrowing nightmare.
Fragments of the lost wisdom of the Great Ones, beings that might be described as gods.
Use to gain Insight.
At Byrgenwerth Master Willem had an epiphany. We are thinking on the basest of planes. What we need, are more eyes.
His pale countenance mimics the labyrinth watchers. Willem kept two loyal servants back at Byrgenwerth. When they were sent into the labyrinth, they encountered the eldritch Truth, and went mad. One became the password gatekeeper, while Dores became a graveguard of the forest.
Both remained loyal, even in madness.
Key to the lunarium facing the lake on the second floor of Byrgenwerth College.
In his final years, Master Willem was fond of the lookout, and the rocking chair that he kept there for meditation. In the end, it is said, he left his secret with the lake.
The eye covering indicates their debt to the teachings of Master Willem, even though their paths diverged.
The Healing Church has its roots in Byrgenwerth, and naturally borrows heavily from its uniform design.
The focus not on knowledge. or thought. but on pure pretension would surely bring Master Willem to despair, if only he knew.
A sacred heirloom left by Yharnam, Pthumerian Queen.
The Queen lies dead, but her horrific consciousness is only asleep, and it stirs in unsettling motions.
Loran is a tragic land that was devoured by the sands.
The tragedy that struck this ailing land of Loran is said to have its root in the scourge of the beast.
Some have made the dreaded extrapolation that Yharnam will be next.
The arm of a small Amygdala Great One.
Strictly speaking, the Amygdalan Arm is no trick weapon of any sort, but certain madmen wield them like clubs.
Starts as a large, tough blunt weapon formed of bone, but when extended, the hand quivers as if it were still alive.
A latticed, deformed rock, or perhaps a meteorite.
Appears useless, but possesses some odd gravitational force that prevents its riddance. A dubious soul once said:
Step lightly round to the right of the great cathedral, and seek an ancient, shrouded church... The gift of the godhead will grant you strength...
The immense brain that Mensis retrieved from the nightmare was indeed lined with eyes on the inside, but they were of an evil sort, and the brain itself was terrible rotten.
But even still, it was a legitimate Great One, and left a relic. A living relic, at that, which is a precious thing indeed.
Remnant of the eldritch Truth encountered at Byrgenwerth. Use phantasms, the invertebrates known to be the augurs of the Great Ones,
to partially summon abandoned Ebrietas. The initial encounter marked the start of an inquiry into the cosmos
from within the old labyrinth, and led to the establishment of the Choir.
When the carcass of Kos washed up on the coast, its insides were teeming with tiny parasites, unlike any found in humans.
This atypical weapon can only be clasped tight and swung, but a Kos Parasite is said to stimulate phantasms inhabiting a lumenwood
Ahh, Kos, or some say Kosm... Do you hear our prayers?
No, we shall not abandon the dream.
No one can catch us! No one can stop us now!
Ah hah hah ha! Ooh! Majestic! A hunter is a hunter, even in a dream. But, alas, not too fast! The nightmare swirls and churns unending!
As you once did for the vacuous Rom, grant us eyes, grant us eyes. Plant eyes on our brains, to cleanse our beastly idiocy.
The grand lake of mud, hidden now, from sight.
The cosmos, of course!
Let us sit about, and speak feverishly. Chatting into the wee hours of...
New ideas, of the higher plane!
Now I'm waking up, I'll forget everything...
Once a patient has had their blood ministered, a unique but
common treatment in Yharnam, successive infusions recall
the first, and are all the more invigorating for it.
No surprise that most Yharnamites are heavy users of blood.
The Healing Church nuns are chosen for their merit
as vessels for blood, and groomed as Blood Saints.
The mere chance of being treated with their blood
lends legitimacy to the Healing Church and communion.
Those who delve into the arcane fall all-too-easily to madness, and thick human blood serves to calm the frayed nerves of these inquisitive minds. Naturally, this often leads to a reliance on blood ministration.
One of the secret rites of the Choir.
Long ago, the Healing Church used phantasms to reach a lofty plane of darkness,
but failed to make contact with the outer reaches of the cosmos.
The rite failed to achieve its intended purpose, but instead created a small exploding star,
now a powerful part of the Choir's arsenal. At times, failure is the mother of invention.
Special hunter tool of the Choir, high-ranking members of the church. Fashioned after a bell that projects an arcane sound across planes of existence
The sound of this smaller, silver version of the bell does not cross planes, but grants vigor and healing to all cooperators
The Orphanage, shadowed by the Grand Cathedral, was a place of scholarship and experimentation, where young orphans became potent unseen thinkers for the Healing Church.
The Choir, that would later split the Healing Church, was a creation of the Orphanage.
The upper echelons of the Healing Church are formed by the School of Mensis, based in the Unseen Village, and the Choir occupying the Upper Cathedral Ward.
This key brings one a step closer to the Choir.
The eye signifies the very cosmos.
The Choir stumbled upon an epiphany, very suddenly and quite by accident. Here we stand, feet planted in the earth, but might the cosmos be very near us, only just above our heads?
Making contact with eldritch wisdom is a blessing, for even if it drives one mad, it allows one to serve a grander purpose, for posterity.
Relic containing the Blood Echoes of a Great One.
Like a true revelation, this uncanny relic defies understanding
This manifestation of madness comes from a mind
teetering on the very brink, but has a sane mind ever
produced anything of true significance?
Of the all the strange lifeforms that reside in the nooks and crannies of the old labyrinth, the slugs are clear signs of the left-behind Great Ones
Armor made of bone ash,worn by the oldest keepers.
The keepers, who mind the slumbering Great Ones,
gained eternal life, preserved in ashen form in
a ceremony of flame that cremated body and soul
Empty invertebrate shell that is said to be a familiar of a Great One. The Healing Church has discovered a great variety of invertebrates, or phantasms, as they are called.
Shells with slime still harbour arcane power, and can be rubbed on weapons to imbue them with their strength.
The main gate is shut tight on nights of the hunt, and could only be opened from the other side with this emblem. In other words, the captain's return, and this emblem, determined the end of the hunt.
Special body parts collected by the Healing Church. What was this gruesome bait used to lure?
The additional rite Rotted Offering beckons ungodly forces, normally terrifying things, but also worthy prey for a special hunt.
Large medicinal pellets, supposedly formed of coagulated beast blood. Banned by the Healing Church due to their unclear origin. Grants a spurt of beasthood.
Ripping apart the flesh of one's enemies and being rained up by their splattering blood invigorates one's sense of beasthood, feeding strength and euphoric feeling alike.
Hunters sustained by the dream gain strength from Blood Echoes. They imbibe the blood with thoughts of reverence, indeed gratitude, for their victims.
Coldblood of inhuman kin of the cosmos,
brethren of the Great Ones.
Dare not to delve into the world beyond humanity, the eldritch Truth touched upon long ago at Byrgenwerth.
The hunters of Yahar'gul answer to the village's founders, the School of Mensis. Hunters in name only, these kidnappers blend into the night wearing this attire.
A strange gift from the messengers, inhabitants of the dream who revere the brave hunters.
Use to envelop oneself in a black nightmarish mist, then transform into a messenger. 
The caretaker of the tower's numerous patients, known to them only as Lady Maria, made her home behind the giant star-interpreting clock.
Lady Maria of the Astral Clocktower gave this to the patient, Adeline.
Maria had hoped Adeline would find comfort in the faint breeze that carried the scent of flowers from the outside, but Adeline couldn't fathom her intentions.
A celestial dial that functions with the giant astral clock in the Grand Cathedral.
When the dial is held up towards the Astral Clock, the clock will come to life and reveal a secret to its curious interloper
There are two cathedrals in the Hunter's Dream. One lies past the River of Blood, and another contains the private research hall of the Healing Church.
Only chosen members of the Healing Church, or their lamentable patients can enter the research hall, using this eye.
There are no thieves in the nightmare. Then, why lock a door? Be warned, there must be a very, very good reason.
After death, a substance in the blood hardens, and that which does not crystalize is called a blood stone.
This is no mere chunk, it is nearly a boulder.
Few blood stones of such size have ever been discovered, even considering the combined experience of all the hunters.
Today, the two-story Lecture Building is adrift in the nightmare, but once it was a place of reflection, where scholars learned of history and archaeology.
Perhaps it still is, as the students in the lecture theatre appear to await the return of their professor
Only today the church is abandoned, and some say that the residents of Oedon have all gone mad.
One of the resonating bells that cross the gaps of worlds. This bell is cracked and stained with the blood of beasts.
A human must expend Insight to ring this uncanny bell.
The old hunters, who have long passed from the dream but cannot forget the feeling of the hunt, rely upon messengers to relay their thoughts.
Ring the bell at their side, and they are certain to give a listen.
For the night of the hunt is long, and unchanging
The Orphanage, shadowed by the Grand Cathedral, was a place of scholarship and experimentation, where young orphans became potent unseen thinkers for the Healing Church.
The Choir, that would later split the Healing Church, was a creation of the Orphanage.
Hunters are held within the underground cell, so that things better left unseen, better left unknown, will decay quietly in the fallow darkness
The innermost chamber of the underground cell holds a lone madman. He wears a beast hide, and rings a bell that emits no sound.
Unending death awaits those who can hear the soundless bell.
Soft eye blessed by a phantasm. They were discovered through Byrgenwerth's contact with the arcane, but in the end revealed nothing.
Deep within the eye lies a vast stretch of dark sky that rumbles with an endless meteor storm. The slightest rub of the tiny orb, and the rock will tumble and soar.
The gloves of an executioner from a faraway land.
Passed from executioner father to executioner son, these gloves can be used to summon wrathful spirits of the past by smearing them with blood.
It is said that the nobles found immeasurable delight in the dances of these vengeful specters.
Whistle of the Madaras twins, denizens of the Forbidden Woods.
The twins grew up alongside a poisonous snake, and developed a silent, inhuman kinship.
The poisonous snake grew uncontrollably, raised on a healthy diet of beast entrails.
Even after their deaths, it is said to respond to the call of the twins' whistle from within the Nightmare.
A centipede-like creature discovered on successful hunts by League hunters.
Vermin, found hidden within filth, are only seen by League confederates, and are the root of man's impurity. The League has assumed the task of finding and crushing all vermin.
Perhaps there is some mercy in the madness. Those who wish to see vermin can, and those who choose to are provided with boundless purpose.
Remains of Loran infant infected by the scourge. A harbinger of curses and symbol of defilement.
The additional rite Curse defiles dungeons in which hunters' HP is greatly eroded, but what better place to seek cursed blood gems but in the midst of defilement?
Small medicinal tablets that counteract poison.
Used to treat ashen blood, the baffling sickness that ravaged Old Yharnam long ago.
These tablets only provide short-term relief. The ashen blood ailment eventually triggered the spread of the beastly scourge.
The Healing Church traces its roots to Byrgenwerth, and is therefore aware of the ruins' true importance.
They contain much more than mere hunter trinkets, indeed, they hide the very secrets of the old Great Ones. sought after by those with the insight to imagine greatness.
Root Chalices, used in rituals to break old labyrinth seals, are said to change the labyrinth's form each time.
The old labyrinth was carved out by the Pthumerians, superhuman beings that are said to have unlocked the wisdom of the eldritch Truth.
and blood inside the old labyrinth. Matures to bear giant spores.
One of the basic ingredients used to satiate a Holy Chalice is this incoagulable blood.
When all is melted in blood, all is reborn.
A body part of a saint, sacrificed by the Healing Church in their search for Truth.
The additional rite Fetid Offering invigorates the watchers, making them more treacherous than normal, but also making them worthy prey for a special hunt.
Curses are caused by inciting the anger of the Great Ones, and used to hex others. Special materials are required to complete the ritual.
When used in a ritual, this sinister chalice summons the Sinister Resonant Bell. The bell-ringing woman appears to be a mad Pthumerian.
The Pthumerian monarch was traditionally a woman who assumed a name with classical roots.
The tiny smatterings of haze that are found in certain ritual materials. Sometimes required for special rites.
The additional rite Sinister Bell makes the bell-ringing woman appear, and when she rings a sinister bell, hunters from other worlds will be beckoned as adversaries.
Stillborn infants born of a creature of unknown origin, of the type found in some corners of the old labyrinth.
Hintertombs are the peripheral catacombs of the old underground labyrinth.
To this day, the Watchers continue to expand the hintertombs, unceremonious catacombs filled with graves and death.
An exquisite eyeball removed quickly after death, or perhaps even before. Used to unlock the seal of the old labyrinth hintertombs.
There are trace remains of medical procedures in parts of ailing Loran. Whether these were attempts to control the scourge of the beast, or the cause of the outbreak, is unknown.
Special body parts collected by the Healing Church. What was this gruesome bait used to lure?
The additional rite Rotted Offering beckons ungodly forces, normally terrifying things, but also worthy prey for a special hunt.
Great chalices unlock deeper reaches of the labyrinth. The Great Isz Chalice became the cornerstone of the Choir, the elite delegation of the Healing Church
It was also the first Great Chalice brought back to the surface since the time of Byrgenwerth, and allowed the Choir to have audience with Ebrietas.
According to the Choir, the land of Isz lies in contact with the cosmos, which allowed the Great Ones to function on transcendental planes of thought.
The twisted cross means "metamorphosis."
Metamorphosis, and the excesses and deviation that followed, was only the beginning..
This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices ripples like a watery reflection.
This rune means "Lake", and those branded by it enjoy augmented defense.
Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth.
Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.
The discovery of blood entailed the discovery of undesirable beasts.
After the repeated experiments in controlling the scourge of beasts, the gentle "Embrace" rune was discovered.
When its implementation failed, the "Embrace" became a forbidden rune, but this knowledge became a foundation of the Healing Church.
Those who swear this oath take on a ghastly form and enjoy accentuated transformation effects, especially while wielding a beast weapon.
This rune resonates with servants of the Queen, carrier of the Child of Blood, who yearn for their Queen's blood with little hope of requitement.
For them, they find solace in "Blood Rapture", that serves as a surrogate for their desires.
This rune represents the Healing Church and its ministers.
Blood ministration is, of course, the pursuit of communion.
Pledgers to this oath are Cainhurst Vilebloods, hunters of blood who find dregs for their Queen in coldblood, particularly in that of hunters.
Yet the corrupt are heretics in the eyes of the Church, and thus subject to the wrath of the Executioners
This transcription of the Great Ones' inhuman voices ripples like a watery reflection.
Great volumes of water serve as a bulwark guarding sleep, and an augur of the eldritch Truth.
Overcome this hindrance, and seek what is yours.
Eyes symbolize the truth Master Willem sought in his research.
Disillusioned by the limits of human intellect, Master Willem looked
to beings from higher planes for guidance, and sought to line his brain with eyes in order to elevate his thoughts.
The Great One Oedon, lacking form, exists only in voice.
Human or no, the oozing blood is a medium of the highest grade, and the essence of the formless Great One.
Both Oedon, and his inadvertent worshippers, surreptitiously seek the precious blood.
When Ludwig closed his eyes, he saw darkness, or perhaps nothingness,
and that is where he discovered the tiny beings of light.
Ludwig was certain that these playful dancing sprites offered "guidance"
They could empty Ludwig of his fears at least in the midst of a hunt.
The "Heir" sees sentimentality in the warmth of blood, acknowledging this as one of the darker hunter techniques.
Perhaps the "Heir" is a hunter who bears the echoing will of those before him.
These watchmen admonish those who have become addled with blood.
Be they men or beasts, anyone who has threatened the pledgers of the "Hunter" oath surely has an issue with blood.
This rune, discovered inside the forbidden beast eater, came to symbolize "Impurity," and the oath of The League.
Confederates of The League cooperate with hunters from other worlds, and hunt to discover vermin.
Vermin writhe within filth, and are the root of man's impurity. Crush all vermin without hesitation.
A translation of the inhuman, sticky whispers that reveal the nature of a celestial attendant.
Those who swear this oath become a Lumenwood that peers towards the sky, feeding phantasms
in its luscious bed. Phantasms guide us and lead us to further discoveries.
A transcription of "moon", as spoken by the Great Ones inhabiting the nightmare.
The Great Ones that inhabit the nightmare are sympathetic in spirit, and often answer when called upon.
The executioners despise the impure Vilebloods, and no matter what the circumstances,
would never cooperate with the bloodthirsty hunters who serve the undead queen, Annalise.
Fear the old blood.
A corpse... should be left well alone.
Oh, I know very well. How the secrets beckon so sweetly.
Only an honest death will cure you now.
Liberate you, from your wild curiosity.
Byrgenwerth...Byrgenwerth...Blasphemous murderers...Blood-crazed fiends...Atonement for the wretches...By the wrath of Mother Kos...Mercy for the poor, wizened child...Mercy, oh please...
Lay the curse of blood upon them, and their children, and their children's children, for evermore. Each wretched birth will plunge each child into a lifetime of misery. Mercy, for the poor, wizened child...Let the pungence of Kos cling, like a mother's devotion...
Curse here, curse there. A curse for he, and she, why care. A bottomless curse, a bottomless sea, source of all greatness, all things that be. Listen for the baneful chants. Weep with them, as one in trance. And weep with us, oh, weep with us...
Listen for the baneful chants. A call to the bloodless, wherever they be. A call to the bloodless, wherever they be. Fix your ears, to hear our call.
Skull of a local from the violated fishing village. The inside of the skull was forcibly searched for eyes, as evidenced by innumerable scratches and indentations.
No wonder the skull became stewed in curses.
They who offer baneful chants.
Weep with them, as one in trance.